19 2 Separate elections are flexible but expensive. The 2014 LS elections cost 34.26 billion rupees and it will only go up. Simultaneous may reduce cost but will have challenges when there is a mid term crisis at center or state and increase other costs. However, if we move to digital elections it will reduce cost, increase speed, a larger population participation and more secure and safe elections. India was 1st in EVMs its time to go Digital. Please refer to attachment for suggestion on how.6 0 Criminals must be barred. In order to achieve the possibility of simultaneous election, extend some assemblies and dissolve some, extend those where remaining tenure is around one to two years and dissolve those where one to two years has been completed.
let the tenure remain 5 years. this must be implemented by 2019. 
I would suggest that all assemblies must go to poll together, may be after a lapse/gap of a year two of lok sabha elections. but assemblies together, regards,syngal2 0 In the general elections and state assembly elections in the state of haryana there is no big gaps between the elections, last time general election was held in during  march-April and state assembly elections was held in during September-October with assembly model code of conduct.
There is around 4 months gap between general elections and assembly elections in haryana our govt should both elections combined and save elections experience on per voter and unnecessary use of our govt machinery2 0 Sir my view is that elections to the assemblies and Lok sabha must be held simultaneously. They were held simultaneously, but after 1972, that tradition was broken. The reason is that such a step would reduce expenses, remove horse trading, save on holidays, increase productivity. there would be a calendar of events. 
another middle ground could be to hold assembly elections after a year, but all states together. the country is in election mode every year, regards syngal1 0 Comments in PDF file which not only includes brief on simultaneous polls but also when to conduct elections and when to declare results
Thanks,
Nishit Desai- 99300034000 0 RESPECTED PM SIR IT IS VERY PROUDFUL THING FOR US THAT WE HAVE SHARE SOME OF OUR THOGHTS WITH U ON DIFFERENT THING ABOUT OUR NATION FOR DEVELOPMENT. SIR FIRST I WILL SEE AS PRIMINISTER OF INDIA AT NEXT TERM FROM 2019-2024. I WISH GOD THAT MY WISH WILL COMPLETE IN NEXT ELELCTION. SIR UR FOCUS ON SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION IS VERY GREAT IT HELPS ALL INDIANS TO TAKE ONE DECISION3 0 I have uploaded my view in PFD File.2 0 My views:
1.Simultaneous election for Loksabha and Vidhan Sabha & Rajya sabha and Vidhan parishad must be started.
2.Term of election shall be increased to 6 years.
3.Presidential type of government should be introduced with 6 years term.
4.There shall be minimum qualification and experience criteria defined for all ministerial post, MP, MLAs.
5.Criminals should not be accepted to hold any office.
6.Criminals should be debarred from voting also.0 0 INDIA KE LOGO KE KARAN HI INDIA GULAM HUA THA YE HISTORY HAIN.0 0 NETA,PARTY,CORRUPT PPL,BLACK MONEY USER HAIN REAL TERRORIST.0 0 Planning to conduct elections simultaneously for both lok shaba and assembly will not reflect the real issues faced by the general public. Both the component has its own goal to achieve. They should be held separately so that the local issues can be very well dealt0 0 sabse pehle app shikha me sudhar karne.....0 0 As election schedules are increasingly staggered, governance is paralysed for months in each election. Hence having a simultaneous election once in 5 years, would let the government plan better and implement them, without having to deal with the MCC frequently.However more needs to be done for electoral stability.Read full views on desirability and feasibility of simultaneous elections.0 0 SIR I AM A STUDENT1 0 HELLO SEE IT0 0 Namaskaram.
I have attached a note on simultaneous polls.1 0 My views:
1. Simultaneous election for Loksabha and Vidhan Sabha must be started.
2. Presidential type of government should be introduced. This will stop black mail politics as well as the appeasement politics.
3. No person should be allowed to hold any office for more than two terms.
4. Criminals should not be accepted to hold any office.
5. Criminals should be debarred from voting also.0 0 my basic premise is that simultaneous elections for both ls and state assemblies is a really good idea and must be implemented asap. there are considerable amount of challenges but they are not insurmountable. That would be a welcome step. It would save great amount of money and labor hours for the nation. Political positivity would be an additional benefit.
regards
Gobi Rajendran
#SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov0 0 namaskaram,
    my basic premise is that simultaneous elections for both ls and state assemblies is a really good idea and must be implemented asap. there are considerable amount of challenges but they are not insurmountable. i have attached my ideas in the pdf and hopefully we arrive at a consensus that helps build a better nation that what we are right now.
regards
kumaran Natarajan
#SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov0 0 Hi everyone my opinion on this is very simple that i want that all the election of different levels of govt held with general election . I think it will increase the efficiency of the govt policy to implement quickly because there is no code of conduct in between the years of rule. But the measure problem is that what would happen with the elected govt which not complete their 5years before next general election. I think if the setion of that govt will increase or the election for short term.0 0 Not only Lok Sabha & Bidhan Sabha election but all elections of public representatives including panchayat and municipal body should be held simultaneously. People are well versed in casting vote to elect five six people at a time, thanks to panchayat election, and there would be no problem if two more addition takes place. Rest is PDF0 0 recruitment and we should trust our representatives. Trust me our representatives are much better than feudal bureaucrats. Also if a minister is fool then he will face the music in elections. But we cannot run a modern democracy with the administrative structure of feudocracy.If u r in doubt read abt later Mughals and their administration. Rulers like Muhammad Shah Rangila.0 0 My post is on Surajya
To develop India into a modern professional economy, we need to get rid of feudocracy ( yes our bureaucracy is actually that). How to professionalise feudocracy
1) All central and AIS should b upto 18 yrs only
I.e collector to commissioner, SP to DIG, DFO to CF, Deputy commissioner (IT) to Commissioner(IT) & so on . Rest all higher posts in states & centre should b on selection basis through advertisements by government.(not UPSC or SPSC)Ministries can frame rules for0 0 Yes that would b a welcome step as there would b more work and less corruption. At least I hope so.0 0 Rajya Sabha & Vidhan Parishad (In states) must Be Removed- It has become a platform for parties to further their political agenda than to debate and improve legislation. Important legislations that are passed in the Lok Sabha (prajatantra) are scuttled in Rajya Sabha (political tantra) for political reasons. It is acting as a hindrance to speedy legislative process that the country desperately requires for economic & social growth and progress TOTAL WASTE OF PUBLIC MONEY.1 0 Voting Procedure- Pre-Voting, Voting by E-Mail & Mobile SMS should be used. This can easily be achieved by EPIC/ AADHAR/ Mobile Number linking. From the next day of Name Withdrawal- Voting should commence and shall last till preceding day of booth level voting. Election commission may install Voting machine in suitable location say 1 location per 1Lakh voter. we may achieve 100% voting before reaching the booth level voting day provided the Electorates list is updated to remove Dead &Bogus voter1 0 Parliament Election /Assembly elections/ Local Body Election which are becoming due in 2018, 2019 may be postponed to 2020 (May-June) and Assembly elections getting due in 2021, 2022 may be advanced to 2020.1 0 That would be a welcome step. It would save great amount of money and labor hours for the nation. Political positivity would be an additional benefit.0 0 **New ideas pass through three phase: It can't be done. It probably can be done, but it's not worth doing. I knew it was a good idea all along!**0 0 Very good thought I agree with government of India's this thought0 0 As a 22 yr old who has volunteered for the 2016 assembly elections in TN, I give some notable comments about the simultaneous election processes0 0 I am proposing something more democratic, more constructive, though a bit drastic....0 0 All these should be online linked to UID no. all will be seamless and transparent.0 0 All these should be online linked to UID no. all will be seamless and transparent.0 0 I am agree with the simulations election of loksabha and vidhansabha.In my opinion the period of governance should be of 3 years.Because we could see that most of the government do their duty only in last two years for attracting the voters.This will help to decrease corruption in such a way-in period of 5 yrs political leaders think of making money in first three yrs,it means they work only two last yrs.if the goverance would be of 3 yrs political leaders would do their duty at least  two yrs..0 0 Yes, Definitely Yes
Today the entire politics of India is centred arround the next election.
Any move any political party makes, is seen as an election move, irrespective of its motive or connection.
To keep the Nation Coherent for 5 years is a great thing this system can do.
Apart from that of course we save millions of rupees, man power and prevent policy paralysis in the states as well.1 0 I have also a separate opinion...why not we will conduct direct elections for the post of prime minister and chief ministers.this will also save time ,money and corruption in a big way.
After winning pm will choose his own cabinet from within party..and CM also choose in the same way.fighting to get tickets also be stopped.if it is not possible in our country than simultaneous election must been held.1 0 Elections of vidhan sabha and loksabha must be at same time.it's difficult but not impossible.simultaneous elections will unblock the way of development .save money of our country,save time manpower,curruption,mobilization of black money which will surely boost the economy of our country.we the people in support of our govt.to make law for simultaneous election in India.I am sure that govt.in centre is capable to do this.
Thanks1 0 #MyGov1 0 I think having Lok & Vidhan sabha elections at the same time is excellent idea. it will save a lot of time and money and will lead to  a stronger democracy.  I complety agree that it need a lot of planning and manpower but it is never to late . once we will start thinking we can manage as we have done in case of GST bill. So government should start thinking about its excution as central government under Mr modi is capable enough to make this change happen within stipulated time.1 0 Please see the attachment in favor of simultaneous elections.1 0 I think election of Prime minister should be directly by the public. this will reduce the political pressure from the party as well as opposition.The Lok sabha & Vidhan Sabha elections must be at a time simultaneously to save 1- The money of Country. 2- Time of people. 3- To prevent the corruption in Election.4- The date must be same of Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha.0 0 I think election of Prime minister should be directly by the public. this will reduce the political pressure from the party as well as opposition.0 0 Sir
This will become one of the most dynamic reforms of India. Just like GST it will change the country. Sir I want to drag your attention towards promotion policy and transfer policy of Central Government employees you please look at this as it needs a lot of reforms. Promotion policy is completely biased towards group a employees and in stead of departmental examination for promotions it counts years of services sir if a deserving candidate wants to get promotion the system forbids0 0 By having Lok & Vidhan sabha elections at the same time there is an issue of continuity. Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha (indirectly Rajya Sabha too) will all have new members at the same time.
And how to we realign the elections when say Vidhan Sabha of a state is dissolved midterm for whatever reason....0 0 1. It should be desirable to hold the both elections simultaneously as in the other countries. We are a large population and every time we conduct an election, government have to spent a lot of money(needs no explanation). That money can become useful at better causes than voting .
2. Different parties participating in election flows the river of money to woo the voters (that money is coming out of our pockets to flow into the wrong pockets). Imagine what government can do with those money.0 0 Simultaneous elections is a bad idea in my opinion. What if there is a wave of support for one party at a point of time. They will end up sweeping both national and state elections: giving a blank cheque to a single party. Also,  voters need to think in two different ways when they go to the election booth (who will do best for my country and who will do best for my legislative constituency). When elections are conducted separately, it is easy to make this judgement, especially forthe uneducated0 0 Sir,
This August-2016 I have a tour from Kolkata to Vizag by my own car. There are number or toll gates are observed in the national highway. They are collecting tolls. As my journey is pre-defined as the number of toll gates are fixed in my journey route, can a system be in place such that I can purchase toll gate ticket in one go and made the journey with less cash handling. It will not only help the onetime users, but also help the business truck users.0 1 Sir,The Natural Gas from Oil India Ltd should be supplied to the Tea Industry in Assam.There has been an irregular Natural Gas supply to the Tea Industry of Assam.Tea industry should be considered as the basic priority sector in supply of natural gas because the small tea growers are dependent.As well as the Tea Industry of Assam provides a lots of employment therefore the Tea Industry should be considered as the basic priority sectory in terms for supply of Pipe Natural Gas (PNG) by Oil India.2 0 #SimultaneousElections #MyGov0 0 An amendment  must be brought and it should cleary state  that state govt  should be helmed by only regional parties and centre govt should be be done by central political party only.  There should be no coalition  in the central govt.  Whereas state govta may have it.
The election should be simultaneously held to save the resources  and time.0 0 Well, though the benefits are genuinely enlisted, I have two major concerns.Firstly, what will happen if a single party wave results in polarisation of voters towards that single party in centre and states alike? This might result in abrogation of federal character of our country. Secondly, the priorities of the central and state level governments are different, as highlighted by subjects in the Centre, State and Concurrent lists of the constitution. How can the election campaign go hand inhand0 0 The Lok sabha & Vidhan Sabha elections must be at a time simultaneously to save 1- The money  of Country. 2- Time of people. 3- To prevent the corruption in Election.4- The date must be same of Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha.0 0 Few of The most important historical secrets mentioned nowhere in our textbooks in any level of education. Must listen everyone, esp. Civil Services Aspirants. Many thanks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPib4DMBvqc0 0 Yes, both parliament & state elections should be conduct simultaneously,
It Reduces the expenditure of election commission of india, & by the way model conduct should implement strictly.0 0 Elections of Parliament and states must be conducted at the simultaneously. This might help the ruling parties to implement the policies and decision making.0 0 Yes,to be held simultaneously. It saves lot of time, man hour,money and brings transperanecy in functioning of the govt. Post pone the state elections of 17/18 to 2019 and pre pone 20/21 elections to 2019 by constitutional amendment and conduct the election in 2019. No in between elections. If govt. falls for any reason remaining period will be administered by the governor/president as per the guidelines of election manifesto of the ruling party or coalition at that time. OR go as per US system.0 0 Yes, definitely all elections should be held in one go, good for the people also they will vote more and for the government to be stable and do more good work. But it will take lot of convincing for all other parties as of now.1 0 .VOTE FROM INTERNET & EVM- IN CASE OF LOK SABHA ELECTION ,THERE SHOULD BE PROVISION TO VOTE FROM INTERNET,BECAUSE SO MANY PEOPLE ARE THERE TO VOTE BUT THEY CAN'T VOTE DUE TO OUT OF PLACE OR COUNTRY.PLEASE MAKE A CONCEPT THAT, WE CAN VOTE THROUGH OUR INTERNET BANKING IN PAN CARD OR ADHAR CARD ACTIVATION,MEANS OUR IDENTITY WILL BE PAN CARD OR AADHAR CARD,THAT CAN'T BE REPEATED.AFTER THAT ALL SERVER COLLECTIVELY COUNT ALL VOTES FROM INTERNET AND EVM.1 0 Simultaneous elections are preferable. Once one goes to the booth, one can vote for both MP & MLA. This will save a lot of time, money and energy1 0 Yes, election should be happen at once to save the time and resources2 0 Elections to Parliament and states must be conducted at the same time. There must be a qualification for candidates to contest. No midterm elections must be held. If any constituency loses its member due to any reason or NOTA is more than 50% then the election to that constituency must be nullified, and its development must be handed over to the governor till next elections. Model code of conduct must be enforced strictly.0 0 Elections are only way for electorate to held politicians accountable. Minor cost of annual elections, must not dilute the very fundamentals of democracy.
I would rather argue for 20% of seats shall go for election every year. So that politicians do not go to sleep for five years/until next elections and work round the year for betterment of people.0 0 I think election of the state & the centre should be done at one time it will save the time, money & resources. There should be a midterm election also to accommodate the any dissolved assembly, due to any reason. The midterm election should be valid only for the rest of the term (remaining period) and again the next election should be on the same time.0 0 Simultaneous elections are not just desirable, they are essential. They'll free the public personalities from all encumbrances for next 5 yrs, there will be no distractions from discharge of public duties for next 5 yrs. All the elections in all the states for all the levels should be conducted simultaneously. The money, effort, time and manpower saved would be colossal. Would definitely lead to better governance.0 0 I hope present election system is ok. Aadhar card must be accepted along with Voter ID. As I found many a time the booth is not identified and it becomes difficult to find out booth from VOTER ID. if Voter ID is not present Aadhar card must be accepted.0 0 YES its a good Idea to hold all the elections simultaneously. 
Please also ensure that no leader could speak about RELIGION, CASTE and FREE BENEFTIS. It creates division and loss of public money.
A copy of signed affidavit must be given to voter mentioning all POLL PROMISES.
Elections must be cancelled if more than 50% voter opt for NOTA.
Only electronic, Electrical & PERSONAL medium of publicity should allowed it promotes SWACCH BHARAT.0 0 fulfil the eligibility criteria of the Act.0 0 I welcome the suggestion to hold simultaneous elections to the State Legislatures and the Parliament. And one more important change should also be made in the People representation Act.i.e. when the seat of the elected member falls vacant, due to resignation, removal or death of the elected member, no bye-election should be held; instead the party of the elected member shall be asked to nominate another candidate to serve the seat for the rest of the period. Of course such a candidate should ful0 0 There is no doubt that simultaneous elections will be a great boon to the country and our economy. Today nation is caught in a web of elections every year . In the name of elections the whole issue of development is stalled and communalisation creeps up. Flow of illegal money creeps up. The code of conduct stalls govts works. So conducting all national and state elections at one time is a great idea.Though our selfish leaders will be against it, I think govt should go with the public for nation0 0 Also, we can think of SMS voting, with SMS voting from registered mobile devices happening from the day of declaration of voting date to 1 week prior to actual voting day. In the case actual vote is not cast, SMS vote becomes the default. If actual vote cast, SMS vote is overridden by choice made in ballot box. The record of SMS vote for all, who cast ballot will be deleted after voting day.0 0 Let us do it this way. Line up all Municipal to Central Govt. elections falling within range of 2 years at midpoint of 1.5 years. So, we will have 1 election in 2 years. Postpone 5 years to 6.5 years of a incumbent govt. or to 4.5 years. This way losses to political parties are minimized, and gains maximized. Declare 2017 as election free year, and club everything in 2018 April. Similarly, hold no elections in 2019, but have it end of 2020 after Diwali. This will give breathing time to parties.0 0 My arguments AGAINST simultaneous elections are attached. Thank You.0 0 All are telling some thing since beginning sinners being increased @ 1: 4 living like creeping things.The elections must be post phoned to make eath as heaven.Follow clean India to make a peaceful new India under leader ship of modipmindia to washout dirty things for dhan man than bhudeemaan shakthimaan to give divine power good generation to make India as heaven. clean.Follow modipmindia.failing which al will become prostitutes with in near future.1 0 good decision as it will save great amount of money every time....0 0 Today, the politics in india is divided in parties and candidates. Today people become political leaders not for development of economy, but  for sake of power. India needs freedom from party system. All candidates even before elections want themselves to be nominated for higher posts. Rather India should set up a system, where all wining candidates should be part of ruling govt. And should collectivelly choose leaders,nominate and select people for various key post protecting minority interests0 0 It will be a good decision as it will save great amount of money every time.0 0 Election should be online as we have adhar card means we are also in digital world,as it will save great amount of money as well as there will be no dummy or fraud votes because security levels are good in adhar card.And we may have more then one election at time.0 0 Simultaneous elections must be done but not only for lok sabha & assemblies but for all type of municipal & all that must be done ay one time because our entire country energy is engaged throughout the year in all type of elections1 0 If simultaneously elections are held it will not only help to reduce expenditure but elected representatives can not change party particularly at state level. I suggest to teach lessons to MLAs, Governor rule should be imposed till next election did not occur. And also some issues should be sorted out which I can suggest broadly later on.0 0 The elections for Center and state should be simultaneous. This will help the ruling parties to concentrate on the policies and decision making. From 1965 / 1967 the country is all the time in election mode. We have elections in some corner of the nation. The simultaneous elections will also help the voter to take a total view to elect the representative. This concept may not be accepted by the regional parties. For them continuous election mode may be useful.0 0 I go with the simultaneous elections for rajyasaba and state legislative assembly. In both cases if the remaining period is less than one year care taker government is good. If it is more than two years elections maybe for the remaining period only.
AND A BIG CHANGE I THINK IS "A P
ARTY SHOULD NOMINATE FOR ALL CONSTITUENCIES IN A STATE. OTHERWISE THAT PARTY SHOULD NOT ALLOWED TO TAKE PART IN THE ELECTIONS"2 0 please consider this information pm and president and election commission. all over india all political party members and his family members submit pancard, 3year income tax record, asset details at every election of mp, mla,and panchayt (mayor, president, ward member, rural memer etc) election namination0 0 Election if held simultaneously is very very good but very high care should have to be taken by election commission  to make election fair specially where people cant cast their vote or caste vote under impression of fear.0 0 There should not be any simultaneous election system for the union of India and the state assemblies .Since people of India has not entered into any contract or bond with elected representatives.In the present system we have an opportunity to disregard the ruling party in state assemblies if it is not working as per the desired public interest or vice-versa .If the proposed system will be adopted then it may result in Autocracy and we may face again a situation of Emergency in future so avoid it0 0 Please inform To PM Narendra  Modi    !   do not show be so careless on  my topics or words   Be very attentive  Be be very very concern able  - do you know Now this group   Miss Jayalalithaa’s Health  Condition is being made  deteriorated  by Your Padmashree and her mother and their team just take precaution  now my poor words   -They will kill every body of Indian politician’s  except me who is their evil deed witness   unless other what will be in their work or taking revenge to punish he0 1 There should be simultaneous elections for Parliament and all state assemblies.In case of mid term poll for a state assembly,election should be held for remaining period of the dissolved house if remaining period is more than two years.for remaining period less than two years,Governor's rule should be imposed for that  period.For mid term poll for LokSabha,if remaining period of the house is less than one year,the caretaker Govt. should continue for that period.0 0 Namashkar,
I think simultaneous elections would have some pros and cons
Pros 
People will be voting more as there will be atmosphere of elections,So voting percentage may increase.
People will have more elaborate discussion on to whom should we vote.
Govt , specially Election Commision will have to work once and rest they can focus on making elections more reachable.
Cons
It can hamper the state independence, since in a flow people may vote same party in center and state.0 0 Simultaneous elections is an idea whose has clearly arrived.   It will save a lot of time and energy.  The most important gain would be that the Elected Central Government will be able to concentrate on governance rather than being distracted by local State elections.
This would hopefully lead to other electoral reforms . . .  like transparent funding of elections.0 0 Aadarniy pradhanmanti ji safar pranam.
Loksabh or vidhansabha ka election eksath honese bogas election nai ho sakta.
Or jo karmachari jis election booth pe kam karte h unhe wahi pe vote karane ki system honi chahiye.0 0 Its a very good move and benefits can not even be fathomed at this early age. Apart from obvious direct benefits in term of control on expenditure benefits of far reaching consequences like diverting attention to more productive and useful activities for development of economy and overall national development can be organised. We must do it whatever be the political consequences0 0 Hello My Dear PM ji Namaskar My Opinion of Elections there can be Three cycles of
First Will be Loksabh,Second will be Assembly and third cycle will be Panchayat Raj Election in half period and gap between these three cycles should be three months after nine months it will completed all election in through out India and also its most use full for saving of money0 0 Yes, whatever type the election may be. but it should be valid. only an indian citizen should vote. for that we have only one valid id proof for all the citizens. That is aadhaar card. if the election is conducted by the aadhaar card and the biometric process, we can reduce the election expenses too. We are all indians. but unfortunately due to some situations the election time are extended or postponed.. it may happen again in the future too.. because. we have two type of governments.0 0 Simultaneous Election is a good idea,but I think that in India must be any two or three national party. Not alike a bunch of log. All election from Panchayat to Lok Sabha in the same time and for same national parties. By this we can save our peoples precious money any and there time.1 0 We are still not a thinking nation. Cross overs, fall of govt is unpredictable.SC has burnt its mind on this.So let us take few more years. Govt fall by MLAs, MPs is constitutional right.No duty to support for ever. So wait.
Public dont question, enthuse, extract work from MLAs,MPs- no accountability to voters in conflicts.So wait, let nation be more developed.Courts may not support.Democracy smiles0 0 Postal department is not paying me my daughter's dues see the attachments
Your Registration Number is : MOIAB/E/2016/02356 - 12/10/2016
Refrence--  MOIAB/E/2016/01543
Your Registration Number is : DPOST/E/2016/07643 -10/07/20160 0 Sir maine kuch naya formula abiskar kiya,details mera (10/10/2016 post) Fb,twitter,blog,Book,etc me diya huya,sree DEBASISH,DEBASISH,..0 0 all elections should be on same time. from Lok sabha to panchayat.0 0 Thanks To make suggestions site but it needs lot of improvements.it is not a lay man site.
Another thing this suggestions site is very closed not opened to suggest as a whole not a state wise because each state has different issue if we solve that then we solve as a whole.
like safayi abhiyan is partially start by government.i have huge ideas to clean india, financial policies ,primary improving per capita income in punjab,drug free punjab, healthy punjab,brain gain punjab impact in nation0 0 There should be simultaneous elections of both parliament and assemblies by fixing the tenure of elected houses. In case of a fall of a govt due to any reasons, a motion of confidence should be taken up to elect a new govt from the same house of parliament/ assembly.0 0 Simultaneous elections excellent idea but before implement ,all political party should seat under one roof.0 0 IN MY OPINION, THERE CAN BE TWO CYCLES OF ELECTION:- IN FIRST CYCLE THERE WILL BE LOK SABHA ELECTION & IN SECOND CYCLE THERE WILL BE ALL ASSEMBLY ELECTION AS WELL AS PANCHAYAT RAJ ELECTION. AND THE GAPE BETWEEN THESE CYCLES SHOULD BE TWO & A HALF YEAR.THIS PROCEDURE WILL SAVE OUR VALUABLE TIME.  #simultaneousElections #ElectionCommision0 0 #SimultaneousElections
This seems to be a very good idea of breaking the election cycle presently followed in our country. Likewise a major constitutional amendment of GST was carried out with compensation to some losing states by the central government, the same shall be implemented for those states in holding simultaneous elections along with LS polls for which the assembly is dissolved ahead of time. States shall be brought under this on GDP-Current assembly time left ratio.0 0 In a ideal situation, elections to Parliament and State Assemblies should be held simultaneously. It would be much economical and much easier to make all arrangements.The political parties will also require to spend much less on electoral expenses.However, this cannot be done in one go , it has to be a gradual process.0 0 Elections in our country is no less important and sacrosanct than any festival. With Indian democracy, the people too have matured. Repeated elections have instilled in the people of this nation required skill to cast vote, in fact everyone has graduated in taking part in electoral activities...Now, let the people of this country perform some other tasks apart from performing election responsibilities..I have full faith in present lawmakers, they'll definitely do better for the next generation.0 0 My views are attached0 1 All elections should be simultaneously conducted or in two phase. one for parliament & assemblies, and second for local bodies. To achieve this, I suggest following.
1) The
2) Last assembly elections took place in 2016, in Assam. The term will End in 2021. So from now onwards, the term of all houses should be notified till early 2021.
3) The term of legislative assembly should be fixed to 5 years and it is the responsibility of elected members to form a govt rising above party lines.
4) In0 0 #5. since one election for 5 yrs terms,in hang/disqualification/defection drama will come to and end so also horse trading,since if president hold office for remaining term,his office terms also need to be specified,now elected membership of ruling/opposition same to be present in parliament to work & support president, beyond party politics,and for there constituency development, with this all political scrap will be eliminated,only true nationalist will transform development.0 0 At a time elections for India can save time.But the main issue comes from the politicians view of making law and order easy for their makings.At a time elections should involve large number of security also conducting at a time elections now present ruling state government gets a problem for them.But conducting simultaneous elections we can save money for the nation also central government can escape from election code which comes for them in every state where election is going on.0 0 Elections involve public money and therefore must be sychronized to be held together saving costs. Moreover, there must be a right to recall resting with the citizens which must allow them to recall the govt. if it does not deliver. There must be an action plan initiated by the govt. and timelines for them defined. The reports for the delivered action must be released with the budget session. It's high time to consider the structure of the governance and the duties performed by representatives.0 0 both of election laksabha and vidhansabha at time simultaneous. its maybe save time.0 0 Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas elections should be take place simultaneously.0 0 I support the simultaneous elections concept. i also suggest that the elections for all the states and the central should also take place simultaneously. This will reduce the time spent by ministers in rallying support for their parties in different states and also improves productivity of the ministers.0 0 My opinion is that all elections should be conducted in single time
It will be help to reduce time and black money used in the elections
And the elected government gets full time (5yr) to work0 0 My opinion is that all election conduct single time for saving time money and so many things.1 0 I could not understand why government still use the cars for one person, in the name of convey which is huge loss to people in all aspects, and need less use of government vehicles for personal use0 0 Hello Team,
My name is Mehul Kapadia from Surat Gujarat .. I would like to share small story of Flipkart India .
I ordered the product name iPhone 5S 16Gb silver colour on 3rd of October on my Surat address but unfortunately the pincode was been wrong and hence I made 4Calls to flipkart to change the Pincode and the answer which I got was it would be done and product would be provided on promised 13th October 2016 but unfortunately today when I tried to track it says that Product return0 0 My Proposal:
1. Have 3 election cycles:
	-Main Cycle
	-Intermediate cycle at 1.5 years,if required
	-Intermediate cycle at 3.5 years,if required
2. If mid-term election is necessary for LS or any assembly,it can be aligned with any one of the intermediate cycles
3. Tenure to be allowed to vary between 4.5 to 5.5 years for alignment with these cycles
Advantage:
1. All elections covered in only 3 cycles
2. Elections at regular smaller intervals,eliminate populist decisions and complacency0 0 No. Vidhansabha election of all states should be conducted simultaneously. Conducting loksabha and vidhansabha elections simultaneously will confuse voter and parties contesting. Conducting vidhansabha elections of all states simultaneously will save a lot of time and money. Loksabha and Vidhansabha elections should conducted at different different times. We can keep 2 years gap in between these to elections like conduct loksabha elections first and after 2 years conduct vidhansabha elections.1 0 Please take both election together,in our nation only 60% voters give vote and most of educated and government employees away from home,they unable to vote for nation if remaining 40% voters comes in picture our nation will be different0 0 Yes,sir I support simultaneous election. Because,loats of time saving and money saving.0 0 Yes,sir I support simultaneous election. Because,loats of time saving and money saving.0 0 i support simultaneous elections0 0 I support simultaneous elections0 0 File containing my suggestions is attached herewith.
Mohan Chandra Agrawal0 0 Desirability to conduct simultaneous elections of LOK SABHA & VIDHAN SABHA seems idea from airconditioned boardroom with logic to save time & money. Lok Sabha is for National Interest of Indian Citizens, Internal & External Security & broad spectrum on all issues whereas Vidhan Sabha for State Interest of that particular State. Keeping interest of citizens in mind where Govt is- For the People, By the People, Of the People, Elections of Vidhan Sabha & Municipal Bodies shall be held simultaneous.0 0 Yes,but such state elections which time periods end before or after 6 months of central election,
And rest state elections can hold at mid of parliamentary time period0 0 Its not correct idea since you will confuse the voter as well as party goals. Secondly, voters need to get a chance to get back to political parties if central gov doesn't perform, that party could be shown its place in state elections and vice versa. Thirdly, the machinery currently being rotated from state to state as per need and hence maximum used. together elections, mean you will use it only once or twice. Fourthly imagine situation where central as well as state gov couldn't be formed!!!0 0 No. Vidhansabha election of all states should be conducted simultaneously. Conducting loksabha and vidhansabha elections simultaneously will confuse voter and parties contesting. Conducting vidhansabha elections of all states simultaneously will save a lot of time and money. Loksabha and Vidhansabha elections should conducted at different different times. We can keep 2 years gap in between these to elections like conduct loksabha elections first and after 2 years conduct vidhansabha elections.0 0 It does not seem to be a feasible idea.
It will not serve the purpose. If two elections are scheduled back to back within one year of lok sabka then it should be combined. Means year before and year after lok sabka election there should be no state election.1 0 Its not a good decsn accrdng to me it neither saves money nor human resource bcoz if elctn held simltnsly thn evry candidte invest same mony invst at free elctn. There are so mch rallies now a days eacg rally takes the life of people as we see in mayavati,'s rally . voter bcm confuse to whch party he spport when he finds tht one cnddte is good &othr is bad belong to same party from loksabha ,and vidhansabha respctvly.0 0 Conducting elections for Lok Sabha, Vidhan Sabhas and Panchat Raj simultaneously save lot of money, time, human resource.It avoids conflicts and provide smooth administration till next election.0 1 It is generally observed that if Center and State have same party rule the flow of development is better. Holding elections simultaneously will reduce the budget expended on election procedure.
For the assemblies whose tenure ends before can be made under Central control and for those after should be dissolved.
In case of by elections the term will be of the remaining period and if the period is of less than a year the state can be brought under Center's rule directly(OR President rule)1 0 Respect sir,
It is a good news .Not only Parliament and assembly election. We conducted elections municipality to President in this method .
It is a good time to give good bye indirect elections.
We should conducted byelections in cirtical situation only.
If majority lose particular government. That government maybe run Under governor or President0 0 Sir, it makes eminent sense to hold the Parliamentary and Legislative elections simultaneously as apart from immensely saving time and resources, a govt reflecting the popular choice and aspirations gets a chance to be elected at the Centre and state simultaneously. This might be a biggest service to the nation as co ordinated actions could be taken.0 0 Time & Quality0 0 spontaneous election is good and precouos for transaction.please remain as such.1 0 Good and time / monney saving Concept. Think of voting thru sms.0 0 Plz dont change existing procedure,1 0 Obviously, it would be the best decision for transforming India as every year government has to plan policies and manage economy as per the coming state or central elections to be in power (Nothing wrong but national interests are curbed). Hence if all elections occur at one time there will be a fruitful tenure for any government to think for betterment.0 0 It is of course very good for a vast country like India to hold Loke Saba and Bidhan Saba elections together. This will have many fold benefits: i) Reduce the cost of holding elections ii) Government will get more time to concentrate on work iii) It will remove the disbalance between lower house in Parliament and Upper house members enabling smooth passage of vital bills.1 0 It will be good to conduct the simultaneous elections for both Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha. It saaves the so much money of the public from getting wasted, also it the government will work more effectively without taking the tension for their political parties because of the upcoming elections again and again in every state.0 0 I think Idea is good we should proceed it will not only save expenditure , time but also education as we know the teachers are most botherd people due to this0 0 It makes sense to conduct all elections simultaneously ,to avoid extra expenditure and saves a lot of time and hassles . Same staff and security arrangements can be judiciously utilised.Change is an ongoing process ,especially if done for good with good and honest intent.0 0 This will saves crores of rupees in every election term, it saves public servants time. 2 to 3 days mimimum every election. Voters confusion in parties and their stand on parties can be reduced.
Power of regional parties will reduced.0 0 THE SYSTEM IS GOOD DON'T CHANGE FOR THE SAKE OF CHANGING WHICH U R DOING. ELDERS WHO HAVE DONE LAWS, SYSTEMS, U R BREAKING IT IN BITS AND PIECES WHICH IS WRONG. U MEAN TO SAY THEY ARE IDIOTS AND U R SMART. U R INSULTING THE ELDERS OF YESTER YEARS WHO WERE OUR  GREAT GRAND FATHERS. THEY HV CREATED FOR A REASON. AMENDMENTS TO BE DONE CAREFULLY. U DESTROYED PLANNING DEPT WHICH WAS DOING A GREAT JOB U MEAN TO SAY PLANNING DEPT HAS NOT DONE ANY JOB IN THE LAST 60 YEARS DON'T GIVE EXCUSE ?????????????1 0 I am not in favour of simultaneous elections. I have mentioned the reasons in the attached pdf and I have also proposed a way to cut costs and yet balance the federal polity. I suggest to have six elections to the legislative assemblies between every two general elections to the Parliament. The six elections could be divided according to states in the five Zonal Councils and North Eastern Council. More details attached in the pdf.1 0 The total elections system should be updated and all levels of elections must be at one time.. its saves more money.. time.. and uncertainty  in the national and state politics.. a stable government can serve the people effective..  frequent elections can damage our economic profile.. please make this possible ..as early as possible..0 0 See attached file0 0 Make public portal which mentions the promised development work that will be done by every MP/MLA. People who elected them can post status update.This will bring transparency in work done at ground level.This help people choose their MP/MLA in next election.It will create competition among MP/MLA to work for their constituencies.
Yes - Save huge public money
Scheduled tenure should end for both cases.
Term Fixed at 3 years
No issue.The term ends at next election
President/Governor Rule.0 0 Simultaneous elections are a best choice for India because it saves
1)crores of rupees every election term.
2) saves public servants time. 2 to 3 days mimimum every election.
3) cost of police security can be reduced.
4) loss of working days of public servants can be reduced.
5) voters confusion in parties and their stand on parties can be reduced.
6)The most important point is, we can reduce the black money flow by political parties. Each party spends crore of rupees for campaign0 0 Both election are in one time is the best idea ,thanks to govt & also pm1 0 Yes.
Elections of Lok Sabha and all the State assembly elections must be held simultaneously. It will save a lot of money and valuable time of our country.1 0 Simultaneous elections will save money & time.it is a good idea and it should be implemented but along with this the candidate who are contesting for MP & MLA should have eligibility criterion (needs discussion)like applying Government Jobs.Today we known that criminals & no good people are contesting election because of loop holes.It is time to revise this old useless system and implement fresh new system with sturdy features.So that knowledgeable  people with caliber can serve our motherland1 0 thnx to govt of india for providing such a platform first time feeling like an #activecitizen .1 0 simultaneous elections are blessed with various benefits explained by many of my freinds below so i would point out some of adverseries only i.e:
1. it may be a great blow to our multi party system and may end up with a autocractic regime.
2. it would be full of complications for both the voters and organisers (i.e EC) taking in view the multilevel representations along with the size of country and its voters .(THNX TO US FOR BEING LARGEST DEMOCRACY SUCH COMPLICATIONS CANT BE SORTED OUT )1 0 Date:- 14/09/2016.
Lokmat
Parlimant & Assembly Election Take Once Time?
Registration These Question Ready To Central Government These Question Vote Our Registration
Why Parliament & Assembly Electiontake— *Why Parliament & Assembly Electiontake Is One’s Time Beacause Time, Security Money Profit
Which Was Balanced Side And Loss Side
It  Balance Side On All Parties Economical Is Not Loss On
Economical,Account, Balance & Any Loss Is Nothing On
Ones Time Take Election On Before Date Or After0 0 #SimultaneousElections0 0 Simultaneous elections for both the #LokSabha and state legislatures is a very nice desirable move which should be given #Implementation as early as possible.
Just imagine how much Dimension of Millions of Crores will be saved .The cost of Elections which are paid by Exchequer and hundred times more is expenditure incurred by Political Parties Out of which a large part comes from Un Accounted Black Money,every one knows it.0 0 I v very interest to serve at interior village people's by our priminister scheme all so indeed approval .0 0 I v very interest serve interior village by digital India scheme so I v expect some guide and approval to me.0 0 in my view it is not easy to use in india
in our contrary voting should be through internet to save time,money and accuracy0 0 DEVELOPMENT OF GUJARAT GOVERMENT
BHARTIYA JANTA PARTY
AHMEDABAD: A day after Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani expressed "difficulty" in removing toll tax from August 15, the state government today exempted small passenger vehicles and state-run buses from paying the road levy on 12 state highways from Independence Day. 
                                                      --- JAY JAY GARVI GUJARAT
                                                      --- JAY HIND, JAY BHARAT0 0 Dear Prime Minister of our Nation India Modi Ji,
This is regarding some view on simultaneous election... i had expressed some views on 05th Oct 2016... would like to add some points again here , frankly...the same in pdf file...overall yours is a good governance...0 0 Bhartiya Janta Party
the goverment of state GUJARAT
Gujarat also stands out in the percentage share of Surfaced to total roads in India, indicating that the government focuses on adding good quality roads. Its share of surfaced roads, (90.24) is much higher than Maharashtra (79.73), Punjab (82.98), Andhra Pradesh (54.87), Rajasthan (72.08) and the second highest in India.
                          --- JAY JAY GARVI GUJARAT
                          --- JAY HIND JAY BHARAT0 0 MR:Narendra Modiji
Good BJP Governance
development of india and all schemes declared by our PM.
                                --- JAY JAY GARVI GUJARAT
                                --- JAY HIND, JAY BHARAT0 0 If this all is to save time and efforts, government and Election Commission shall club two elections but not Lok sabha and Vidhan Sabha together. They can club Loak Sabha with Zilla Parishad, Vidhan Sabha with Taluka Panchyat and Nagarparishad, Mahanagarpalika with Gram Panchyat.0 0 Instead of combining Lok-sabha with Vidhan-sabha, I would suggest combining vidhan-sabha with local body elections (Mahanagarpalika, Nagarpalika and gram panchayats). Lok-sabha and vidhan-sabha should be kept separate to maintain the federal structure intact and diverse. Otherwise, there is a high chance that same parties represent at both levels and collude to push their agenda. This will not allow any political change for next 5 years! In such case, the elections should occur every 4 years.0 0 yes i am agree with this idea. this is way will reduce some crores of government0 0 1. Great Idea, parties will be relaxed and they will get time to think something else other than election. The fever of one person or party at the time of election will affect the result all over India, it will either beneficial or ????.
2. the parties who haven't finished their term will resist so it will better to extend their term.
3. yes
4. we must have election in between term in case, and the winner will rule until the schedule election date. we must continue  schedule
5. as above0 0 It is a good idea. Expenditure can be reduced. If it is implemented, an MLA can not contest as MP and vice versa. Hence, by-election can be avoided. If Polling Materials can be brought in the Polling Station before 12 a.m. of the day before Polling Day. Officers may be intimated the details of Polling Station to which they are posted at 7 a.m. on the day before Polling Day. Then the Polling Party can reach the Polling Station before 1 p.m. on the day before Poll Day. Thus reduce Bus hiring.0 0 I completely agree with simultanous election process inwhich nagion can save our money ,man and machine . Which is the key ingradiant of development. I also appreciate this innovative thought and wish to all parliamentarians to include the article in our constitution immediately.2 0 apart from the saving money by conducting simultaneous elections, there are some aspects like stable governance. Conducting elections for entire country simultaneous means entire country is in unstable form of administration for a period at least 3months. if suppose any mishap happen like natural disaster, external aggression or internal rebellion.
that time public administration is very minimal. So how we can address this kind of situation if entire country in unstable mode of governance0 0 yes there should be simultaneous electon in Our country.due to this country save time amd huge cost of money.0 0 I do agree that we will save money and minimise corruption. More than that lot of Govt men and machinery time will be saved so that they can perform their duty i.e serving the nation and people.0 0 Yes, if we want to develop our country then we should give leaders full tenure. That they can do without worrying about their time.0 0 Firstly after looking at what is being said. It seems that it will save lots of money, time and prevent corruption. But if every state goes to election at same time with center then definitely a single party will have a pitch and it is definite that one party will win max states and also then there will be no review of govt as there will be no elections. So instead half of states (with half the countrys population)go at time of Lok sabha and half of the states after 2.5 to 3 years hence.1 0 Please see my suggestions0 1 Kindly go through the attached file0 0 Simultaneous elections along with state funding of expenses of national parties candidates will help remove many ills of India's body politic.0 0 we should surely have both Lok Sabha + state assembly Elections together.
Also, high time, public referendums be obtained for important issues, from all the voters of all the states in India,such as but not limited to (a) scrapping of Article 370 (b) enforcing of Common Uniform civil law (c) Building of Ram Temple in Ayodhaya and other temples destroyed by Mughals (d) right to recall any elected/selected public servant. PUBLIC REFEREDUMS ARE ABOVE CONSTITUTION, PARLIAMENTS, SUPREME COURT etc...0 0 Holding simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas will strengthen Indian democracy as it would facilitate election on common issues and not have any divisve influence.It will also save thousands of crores of INR which can be put into development tasks.0 0 While it is certainly feasible and cost effective to have simultaneous elections, I am not in favor of this idea. Reason being - Elections during the term of the government at the centre can serve as a crucial "mid-point" reality check of how the government at Centre is performing. The people may voice their opinions using state election(s) as a forum. However, the country should not be in a perennial "Election mode". Only one collective mid-term state level elections should be planned.1 0 The stand from more than 1 constituency to make themselves on safer side than why should we bear the cost of such by elections in the constituency left out by them after they win more than 1 constituency???
Think considerable amount can be saved if they are prohibited from doing so.0 0 Further it will lead to the peace of mind of the politicians who never serve people but only make promises.
The cost can be reduced by not allowing one politician to stand from more than 1 constituency so that the number of constituency under re-election can be reduced considerably and cost be cut as when a person wins from more than one constituency he elects 1 and leaves others for re election at our cost these cost of re election should be recovered from the concerned politicians.0 0 Good idea buthas drawbacks:
1.What if any state/centralgovt.Fallsdown due to no confidence motion?
2.Elections in different time enables the check on politicians who forget their promises and have 2 goto peoplefrequently.this check will lose its relevance.
3.elections in 1time will lead the whole country in stand still.
4.Cost can be cut down by othermeans egprohibiting 1 person stand in election 4rm more than1 constituancy as he chooses 1n drops others when he wins4 relection at ourcost0 0 we should surely have both Lok Sabha + state assembly Elections together.
Also, high time, public referendums be obtained for important issues, from all the voters of all the states in India,such as but not limited to (a) scrapping of Article 370 (b) enforcing of Common Uniform civil law (c) Building of Ram Temple in Ayodhaya and other temples destroyed by Mughals (d) right to recall any elected/selected public servant. PUBLIC REFEREDUMS ARE ABOVE CONSTITUTION, PARLIAMENTS, SUPREME COURT0 0 This is fair thought to conduct simultaneous elections for Lok-Sabha & Vidhan-Sabha, should be done practically within span of 30-40 days max, result of each constituency should be declared same-day by late night so that there is no doubt of manipulation, consolidated party-wise result can be declared at end of Elections.0 0 THOUSANDS OF CRORES OF RESOURCES OF GOVT.MACHINERY and Candidates resources are SAVED if SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS ARE CONDUCTED. Certainly it is GOOD IDEA, to be implemented immediately, since the ELECTION COMMISSION/ELECTION COMMISSIONERS ARE IN FAVOUR OF THE PROPOSAL. Forget minority small parties opinion.0 0 Parliament and Assembly Elections Should not be on same time. Because it give chance to public to change their opinion about candidate selected in MP/MLA's election. Hence no chance of error again.0 0 why we Indians do lots of hard labour for getting jobs in govt sector
and at that time we left everything like food, sleep etc. But after
getting job in that, they only know how they eat money in different
ways and how they make excuse the general people to make his sleep complete.
Sir ye hm bharitiyo ki sanskriti hai ya hm indians kavi sudhar nahi
sakte, i want to know answer from your side.1 0 BHUT JAIMINI (from gujarat)
in central level or state level elections BJP Should be there
because our prime minister; shri narendra  modiji
ha done much more development when he was in gujatat than to he had developed gujarat as well as good ant . the farmers of india "KISAN" had doing sucide because not getting urea for farming and our PM decided that UREA neem coating should be done and reached to our farmers, not to private sectors.
good bjp govt.0 0 Dear Sir,
I have been perusing  Forgery and Fraud in Election (FFE) in India Ever Since Retirement. You would not be shocked but Surely knowing that first two years, my family Election Voters Cards were not prepared while thousands of Outsiders even students studying in Greater Noida NCR have been forged.
I have been visiting Slums and Found over 99% Slum dwellers have 3 to 4 Voters Cards of different Delhi Areas and minimum 1 to 2 of their Native Home States.
Will you Check Sir1 0 All elections should be held continously to avoid any problems in elections. As per my view, ECI should start preparation for election at a time both LokSabha and Vidhan Sabha. 
Positive impact::-
*less expenditure
*less workload of ECI
*one time,one govt
Negative impact::-
*require huge workforce
*require system rectification0 0 Here simultaneous means in 1 week or within few days. Rather before declaration of results of previous elections. Holding elections on 1 date in entire country may be very difficult due to requirements in terms of police and such security forces. In one state it could be on 1 date.
Month and year of elections should be pre-decided and should not be left to prevailing government when they will announce elections?
One person should not be allowed to contest from 2 constituencies and not in both0 0 Yeah it must be simultaneous elections for Pan India... Expenses can be cut down and preventing politicians to consider people as just vote banks..  To stop all nonsense election manifesto...and campaign...0 0 Simultaneous Elections should be held & the same is to be maintained and enforced.  If there is a falling of a Govt in any state due to No Confidence motion then the Governor should impose Presidents Rule for the reminder of the Terms of Legislature.  This would ensure that no horse trading takes place & the opposition would think twice before pulling down any elected government.2 0 WE ALL SHOULD WELCOME THIS PROPASAL.IN ANDHRA PRADESH,ASSEMBLY ELECTIONS ARE BEING HELD ALONG WITH PARLIAMENT ELECTIONS SUCCESSFULLY FROM MANY YEARS. DIFFICULTIES REPORTED ARE VERY FEW AND RARE.SO IF THIS IS IMPLEMENTED IN ENTIRE COUNTRY,THERE ARE MANY ADVANTAGES.
1.ELECTION EXPENDITURE BY ELECTION COMMISSION AND POLITICAL PARTIES CAN BE  HIGHLY REDUCED.
2.EFFECT OF PARLIAMENT ELECTIONS ON ASSEMBLY ELECTIONS AND VICE VERSA(PARADOX) WILL NOT BE THERE.
3.TIME OF VOTERS AND GOVT CAN BE SAVED.0 0 election should be digital that everybody can vote, easy method should be taken , its save time, travel and money,and my important opinion is that if the  Neta doesn't worked for the people it should remove from the post and one substitute neta should be there for  the post  ,and one important is that all the worked of netas should be disclosed in public0 0 My point of view it is not possible because if state assembly dissolved after 2 years of election president rule cannot impose for next 3 years......and what if lok sabha dissolved????
We can reduce election cost by some other means but conducting simultaneous election i don't think so.....0 0 My Views are attached here with.0 0 ek sath election ni hona chahiye isse sambhavna hai  ki koi kisi tatkalik ghtna se election parvabhit ho aur savi jagh ek hi party ka barchsaw ho jaye ase me autocarcy badh sakti h sath hi future me option ki kami ho sakti h alg alag election se patisaprdha jayda kari hoti h anttah fayda nagriko ko hi milta h0 0 I strongly feel that all elections should be synchronized and conducted on a fixed date  in October.Too many elections cost too much money that a poor country can ill afford and thwarts and hinders development work.What is more elections are the root cause of corruption and drivers for identity politics thus dividing the country on inherent fault lines.I wonder why we should have so many seperate ones for each law making bodies.one single elected rep for say two laks pop we be efficient and econ0 0 I support elections of Lok sabha n Vidhan sabha at same time. If any of these two unable to continue the 5 years term then that duration will run by president of india with the help of Bureaucracy of all Ministry.
-It will save our tax payers money.
-Easy for politicians in single campaign they are addressing for both election.
-It's Easy for Election Commission to conduct election and track the black money circulation.
-Regional Parties unable to blackmail Central Govt for those wishes.0 0 In addition to the consideration on simultaneous election vote through Internet to be encouraged. This will allow person to vote from home that will save time,cost on transportation, even a person on tour, sick and the NRI. Currently such person who is away from home know business trip, sick are not able to vote. Since voting date is announced as holiday many prefers to go for picnic and don't want to go to vote. At least they can vote from home0 0 In my opinion simultaneous election has merit over current practice considering the following :
Cost reduction and savings in manpower loss.
Opinion of the people is same for the central and state government.0 0 Simultaneous election not only for Parliment, State Assembly but also for Local Bodies is more essential to save money and also to save waste of time by Government Machinery. Further the State Election commissions must be dissolved because they are operating at the hands of State Government causing misapporiation of laws & rules in many states. This is more clear in the case Tamilnadu as per ruling of High Court. Also Local Body elections should not be party based.0 0 India has to travel from developing country to developed country & this journey will take very long time if we do not use our resources of time & money spend for elections. By simultaneous elections of local body, state assembly & national elections we save above resources & the elected representative will be free to take decisions for national interest without worrying about coming elections. It will also help in theory of PERFORM OR PERISH0 0 I support simultaneous elections so that it will save time.one benefit is that both central and state government can perform their work with full attention.0 0 Yes. Coordination and Implementation of policies and budgets between Centre and States would be a major benefit.0 0 In spite of simultaneous election , If any political party would be dissolved before completing their tenure of 5 years , what will be the next step???0 0 I am of the opinion that state and center election should be at the same time.
I propose, to have fair election in state, the state Chief Ministers, who are also having home portfolio, they should surrender home portfolio to the state Governor 3 months before term expiry. Chief Ministers are misusing their power during election process in maintaining law and order  and money distribution.0 0 I partially support the simultaneous election view, reason being there are equal and substantial points under the merit and demerit category.
Merit
1) Freedom from the continuos cycle of elections.
2) Reduced expenditure and workforce.
Demerits:
1) Will lead to an increased tendency of formation of coalition government at the centre.
2) It may happen due to a minor issue votes could drift away to a specific party in both the elections, thus leading to a formation of "opportunist" govt.0 0 i support my huonreble prime minister of india .as elections of india is very dull so i think government shoud chance the india constituancy rules about all,0 0 desirable. for reasons 1. saving in cost. 2. less stress on the voters. 3. commonality of purpose of state and central govt with possible mandate for same party in state and centre0 0 'bharat me har mahine chunab hote h'.sarkar tamam policies la rahi h ki kese bhi jamakhori,sarkari atka hua dhan,kala dhanko kosh me ektrit kiya jaye .me nm ji se ye gujarish karunga ki kuch policies esi laye ki es vishw ke sabse bade loktantrik desh ka jo pesa en cunabo par waste hota h wo sena ko samrpit h. sabhi rajyo tatha loksabha ke chunab 5 sal me kewal ek bar ek sath nahi ho sakte kya .ab to aadhar card apki madat kar sakta h  koi ese alternate ke bare me jarur soche sir..0 0 I am in favor of Elections (State as well as National) being held simultaneously. Because in such a scenario Govt can also think of setting few days aside as an Election Vacation. This vacation could even increase the voter turnout which is traditionally very low. So that migrant workers, labors & even engineers like me can go home and cast our vote to a suitable candidate who can build an eco-system in our native place. This eco-system may help us one day to stay at home & stop being a migrant.0 0 dear sir, in my view it's a very good decision to conduct simultaneous elections for loksabha and for state assemblies. for the first time, we have to dissolve the assemblies whose tenure is incomplete, which is tough but necessary task. another thing is, term for loksabha and state assemblies should be fixed to rule out any coalition failure.1 0 The considerations before the voter for Vidhan and Lok Sabha elections are entirely different. The two elections are best conducted separately to avoid confusion in the minds of voters.0 0 Sir transfer policy of Central Government is not fair I'm from Delhi and got posting in Mumbai now it's very difficult to get the transfer. My mother is suffering from fatal disease and I'm the only person to look after her but it's almost impossible for me to get the transfer because of the policy please make it simple and employee friendly.
Regards
Ajay Sahu0 0 Sir this is one of the most dynamic reforms of India it will change the scenario
Sir I want to salute you my prime minister is my pride Aur ye main dil se bol raha hu
Sir one more request after GST don't make the department toothless because if we give freedom to business community it will take maximum profit and exploit it after all they know only one thing profit maximization.
Department of GST should be powerful enough for this.
Regards
Ajay Sahu0 0 Yes, all the election (i.e. For Lok-sabha and vidhan-sabha) should be simultaneously,because by this desicion our India GOV. Will be Stable for 5 year And also meet freedom for take any desicion which will be helped for GOV. to passed any bill by Loksabha and Rajya sabha smoothly i.e.Without restriction.0 0 Yes,Simultaneous elections for Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabhas will be a wise decission0 0 Yes. it is preferred to conduct simultaneous elections to state and central legislatures. When such simultaneous elections are held for the first time, the
term of all the state governments shall be terminated by law or acceptance. The
term of the government can be fixed with strict criteria on the credentials of the
candidates contesting in elections.0 0 a big yes.0 0 Indian democracy is multiparty system where M.P. or MLA's elect PM or CM.Last 3 decades no single party comes to power and hence it leads to coalition govt. In between coalition fails due to many reasons; defection, poaching, dis-satisfaction with govt partners, political motive not served, coalition leading to image and erosion of vote bank. This causes fall of central or state govt before tenure. Hence technically not possible to hold Parliament & state election together!0 0 for any election either lok sabha or vidhan sabha, for the candidates there should be certain criteria: means Certain Qualification, Character must be good and not involvement in legal cases(No punishment), favorite in their society (in nomination area) for which going for nomination.0 0 Elections in our country become a horse trading & muscle power.To stop these practice all election become one and under President Rule. Also E-Voting should be allowed, it helps to prevent wrong practice and muscle power.1 0 All elections should be held at one go. It will save huge cost for the country as there will no more logistics involved for vote machinery to act. Thus carrying two voting machine for each booth will suffice the requirement for casting vote for Lok Sabha and State assembly. Also no voter has to waste two days working days for state and Lok Sabha elections which means the productivity of the country increases.0 0 Simultaneous elections for state assemblies and parliament will save time, effort, resources of the nation as the voters will check the voter list and then go to booths once, the election commission will save their resources by one time exercise of preparing and editing voter lists arranging staff and space for booths and above all public will not be facing parties' propaganda and false promises every now and then. There will be less noise, less clashes and fewer violations by the candidates.0 0 All elections i.e. Lok sabha, Vidhan Sabhas and Panchayat elections should be held Simultaneously. It will reduce expenses, increase the time to work to a govt., reduces the using the manpower in elections.1 0 Read this and find out0 0 Respected Brother, I gave my Views on the subject long time back. Here, I urge you to Provide an OPTION in the Website to Put or Share Views with You on any ISSUE OF NATIONAL INTEREST. Presently, TOPICS are Fixed and Given on the Website which Restricts the Registered Users
to Put their Views on TOPICS OTHER THAN THOSE ARE GIVEN on the Website. I want to share my View with you regarding Making Public of the Video Footage of Surgical Strikes in POK which I cannot do for the reason mentioned.0 0 Simultaneous elections should be held from centre to panchayat. This will reduce expenses, indirect benefits of saving man hours for repetitive job. Even internet mode can be used this will certainly increase voting percentage.
From political point view party will have to adopt standard policy. Coalition of parties should be for all elections held and not for one type of election. As on today we have coalition in one state in other state coalition partners fighting opposite each other.0 0 One time election is only way for a prosperous India0 0 Why not include Panchayat, Municipal Corporation & other elections ! Come on, lets not get carried away by a single aspect of expenditure.
Students of Political Science and Law....
Remember the importance of Checks and Balances ? You know how the public opinion changes in WAVES. Smaller and frequent corrections are better than a Tsunami every 5 years.
What happens when a Vidhan Sabha gets dissolved prematurely ? Do you elect a new Govt for left over tenure? OR Have President's rule! Lets see0 0 sir,the biggest problem corruption has funding of elections as the main cause....
i think this will lead to political instability,slow growth.....0 0 My views is attached herewith0 0 One Candidate or One Community or Cast or any non-political future election planned of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar under Common Civil Code (CCC) nation election systems and regulatory by data of every kind of political party have to closed or collapsed by symbolism political or non-political election this is world's by largest movement by future election planned of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar under Common Civil Code and every kind of political or nonpolitical election0 0 Suggestions:
1.constitutional amendments are required to be done before conducting simultaneous elections.
2. Unexpired assemblies can be considered along with expired assemblies for the election with Lok Sabha after necessary amendment so that money,efforts can ve saved along with stability of the governments. EVM should also be modified to include all assemblies. This will not  involve condempt of SC.Election commision efficient.Digital Process required.
Ramanathan,Scientific Officer Retd.0 0 I fully agree with simultaneously conducting loksaba and state elections0 0 I am of the firm opinion that Lok Sabha  & Vidhan Sabha elections could be conducted simultaneously. The same should be passed in Parliament. The simultaneous elections would not only save time, but also humongous expenses of elections. It would stop all party members to stop horse trading as well.Let us focus & concentrate on taking country forward, eradicate poverty thru' all round development & true governance.0 0 saves lot of public money0 0 India is invariably in an election mode. As a result, our Election Commission imposes a model code of conduct on the Government in power, and the casualty is the GOVERNANCE. If we need to come out of this, then we need to have a simultaneous election through out the country at one point of time, so that the balance period, Governments can concentrate on Governance.0 0 First of all, the seats/constituencies, etc. should be redefined to have the correct representation of the population as on date. Secondly, elections should not just be simultaneous but a single one - state government should be a subset of the union government. In other words, just like the state government represents its population, the central government should represent the state government in terms of parties, seats, etc.0 0 right to recall lagu kroge tbhi election ka fayda ha0 0 It will be very efficient to organise elections nationwide. Doing so will keep all states/nominations busy and there will be less transfer of disturbances across states. This will bring a clear picture of the country avoiding change in mindset of elector based on exit polls/analysis.
However, this needs all the machinery to work in tandem while maintaining the law and order situation under control.
Electronic and biometric (iris) verification must be made compulsory.
All the best!0 0 I want to also propose that the Aadhar Card linked online voting system, as an option, should be thought of by submiting their thumb impression one can vote so that we can reduce poll irregularities0 0 simultaneous elections are good but have to take bold decisions, such as what if a state/cent govt. fall short of members to run the government,like other issues are to be addressed0 0 Simultaneous election will be good for people as the politicians have much time to serve,without working much on elections.0 0 1. Certainly. Conducting all elections together will be good and a welcome change. Despite the associated problems, this move would save lots of public money and problems, and i wish the EC  would be able to come up with a practical solution soon. 
2. I want to also propose that the Aadhar Card linked online voting system, as an option, should be thought of. This would further help, though initially the % population who opt for such thing would be low, due to illiteracy1 0 All elections - Parliament, all state assemblies, municipal corporations, gram panchayats should be together at one go. so that govt and all these bodies can function. because of some or other elections going on all the times across country, govt and these bodies are not able to take decision.0 0 Holding Simultaneous Election is a very feasible thing in a country like India.The problem is we have to deploy lot of security forces to see the smooth conduction of the Election.
Providing a proper security to control to a large extent of people  in various regions takes  proper planning. The better thing is to automate the entire process even that has problem because Digital Literacy is not 100% in India.
We can conduct election in two phases not on the same day which is quite feasible.1 0 Completely Agree with the idea. this will lead us to save time and huge cost of the government machinery, decrease crime rate and boost governance.0 0 Agree. Because my Taxed money now will be saved and will be used for other development works.1 0 WE will definitely benefit from simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and vidhan Sabha and after one cycle, we should go in for local body elections also along side. The massive manpower required for this effort can be augmented by volunteers from senior citizens, home makers and students. Token amounts can be paid if needed to encourage participation.
But first we need to make donations to political parties transparent and prevent criminals fro contesting(even those under trial). I am sure to0 0 I am agree with the idea. It saves lots of time and efforts. As our teachers/lecturers are on duty of for each different election. So their time and effort requires much more. If both election are simultaneous time and efforts are reduced.
Even from public point of view, they have to go only once for voting.So their time are also saved.
So many people in India are not going for voting due to different elections.They either go to Loksabha election or goto Vidhan Sabha election.0 0 For holding simultaneous election, i will go a step further that this present charges/counter charges on surgical strikes would not have happened if there were no elections in 5 states in coming months.For short term political gains, howsoever sensitive the case may be as that of national unity against pakistan,some consider bashing PM Modi as means of winning votes from a certain community. Had there been no elections in near future,reaction of opposition parties would have been very different0 0 The suggestion is good but as far as the security force is concerned they will be more burdened with tension and I feel it is not practical.0 0 Today we need to change our election procedure . Because full year our political party was busy in different different state its also every politician need to doing these things if we do simultaneous election then our leader can focus 4 year easily so I think all party support it.0 0 Completely Agree with the idea. this will lead us to save time and huge cost of the government machinery, But it should require Great awareness campaign to Educate people for it0 0 it will top class action by which country can save to much money0 0 Its my opinion that simultaneous elections is the need of the hour. It will help the government to come out of election / campaign mindset and will enable taking of decisions and initiative which cant be taken due to populist consideration when election is around. currently, election is happening in one or the other state resulting in populist measures becoming highlight of election rather than development agenda. Saving of costs etc will be added advantages..0 0 I agree it will also help reduce cost.0 0 If Elections contribute to Black Money the number of Elections should be limited to 1 in years. This will take away lot of expenditure on Media and promotions . It will let the governments do their job.0 0 I do agree with this. Please implement with immediate effect.0 0 My opinion is that simultaneous elections should be held to reduce expenditure, wastage of time, and security measures that needs to be put in. The funds can be more effectively used in developments and uplifting of the rural sector. In case where the serving government comes under pressure to resign midterm, avenues should be searched to facilitate serving government to stay on till the next election to so that frequent floor crossings can be discouraged.0 0 Yes, I am completely agree on this subject. Also I would like one point that during election campaign there should be a question and answer should takes place.And election commission should closely monitor about the buy vote for money concept.0 0 R.Ramanathan, Scientific Officer (Retd.),BARC, Mumbai.
Following is my considered view on the subject of Simultaneous Elections to Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas:
1.Constitutional amendments to Articles 83, 172, 85 and 174 must be carried out to streamline   the process:
2. It is desirable to hold simultaneous elections as a result of which besides the reduced expenditure MPs and MLAs can concentrate on nation-building process and money saved on this method can be used for development work. Also0 0 I too agree to go on one shot.0 0 Election is Not at all required, becz we are wasting all our efforts, all are going behind money, development and originality is less , we can bring all activities in one roof or governing.0 0 Yes simultaneous elections are necessary for saving time and money. It will also allow cleaner politics. And elected govt will have clear 5 years to persue development agenda at national level without botheration of state elections every year0 0 It will reduce lot of burden on economy of the country and taxpayers money on multiple election and also there wont hindrance in progress at least for y 5 years.0 0 Simultaneous elections must be held  for reasons already expressed in earlier comments. The sooner we do it the better. Yes.  for some states the elected Governments tenure may end prematurely. We have no choice. We tolerated when assemblies were dissolved by the Central Government for wrong reasons. National interest should prevail over regional interest.A strong nation can only protect the States especially at the time of distress or calamities.0 0 Yes, to save time, money & energy.0 0 YES - So that the negative effect of the Governments and Politicians indulging in unproductive vote attracting activities are reduced to minimum period.  Further, movement of local politicians and thugs will be restricted to their area of operation only.0 0 I personally feel yes so that a fresh man will be more careful and take action on immediate basis for example there are thousand real estate companies who are not doing fair business a type of fear should be there in any business which lacks so better to have new people who will try to solve the problems of the previous0 0 yes,then only politicians can focus on governance,0 0 Yes, we should have simultaneous elections to centre and state with no midterm elections.  Rules for 3 to 4 hierarchy to form head of govt will have to be defined. Constituency also will have fail over candidates elected, in case of demise of elected one. People Know to differentiate between state and central needs. Not more than 3 parties should be allowed to contest. For this,pre electoral primaries may be held. Synergy between state and center may improve instead of petty politics0 0 I wish that only two or three party should be there at national and state level for election . Today hundreds of parties have distorted the real meaning of election as the voter is unable to decide to value the neta for his idealistic character and capabilities of governing . I also agree for simultaneous election policy for all states and national0 0 It may look like a great idea to hold simultaneous elections at national level as well as state level. In my view, it will create more problems than solutions. Here is the catch, if one party controls the whole nation then the constructive opposition won't exist. This means, we will violate the natural law. Which is evolution between two opposites.
I would like to suggest a revolutionary radical idea. The State level elections should be held simultaneously and national elections mid way that.0 0 Simoultanous elections are the need of the hour. They will help the citizens understand the current polical situation of the nation and vote depending upon whathe or ahe feels conducive in furthering the centre state relations and smooth functioning. Many states have lost opportunities due to centre state miscommunication and lack of interoperability. Electing both governments in a same political environment will help the newly formed governments mesh together well in implementation of policies.0 0 I think at present the biggest employer in India are the netas. At present we have elections round the year in some part or the of the country. This is draining  the exchequer as well as wasting a lot of quality time of the masses. So IT IS NOT ONLY DESIRABLE BUT ESSENTIAL TO HAVE ELECTIONS ONLY ONCE IN FIVE YEARS OF ALL THREE TIERS OF GOVERNMENT.Further in view of the fact that netas who nothing about the subject are given authority for final decision making on the subject which is undesirablle0 0 In my opinion its fully not possible,because All govts will not run five years.if any state or central govt collapses in between five years it will creates constitutional crisis.
The possible thing is we can conduct simultanious elections for the states which are going to be election within a year before or after one year of Lokh sabha election.0 0 It is a matter of national importance.In my views it would be the greatest change after independence in our country.But for that we have to take all parties into consideration and that is going to difficult because there are reasional parties which are not going to be ready for that.Because we well no that they work for their own interest not for country.so I would hope from my people's prime minister that he would take this decision as early as possible.