19 2 Separate elections are flexible but expensive. The 2014 LS elections cost 34.26 billion rupees and it will only go up. Simultaneous may reduce cost but will have challenges when there is a mid term crisis at center or state and increase other costs. However, if we move to digital elections it will reduce cost, increase speed, a larger population participation and more secure and safe elections. India was 1st in EVMs its time to go Digital. Please refer to attachment for suggestion on how. 
6 0 Criminals must be barred. In order to achieve the possibility of simultaneous election, extend some assemblies and dissolve some, extend those where remaining tenure is around one to two years and dissolve those where one to two years has been completed. let the tenure remain 5 years. this must be implemented by 2019. I would suggest that all assemblies must go to poll together, may be after a lapse/gap of a year two of lok sabha elections. but assemblies together, regards,syngal 
2 0 In the general elections and state assembly elections in the state of haryana there is no big gaps between the elections, last time general election was held in during  march-April and state assembly elections was held in during September-October with assembly model code of conduct. There is around 4 months gap between general elections and assembly elections in haryana our govt should both elections combined and save elections experience on per voter and unnecessary use of our govt machinery 
2 0 Sir my view is that elections to the assemblies and Lok sabha must be held simultaneously. They were held simultaneously, but after 1972, that tradition was broken. The reason is that such a step would reduce expenses, remove horse trading, save on holidays, increase productivity. there would be a calendar of events. another middle ground could be to hold assembly elections after a year, but all states together. the country is in election mode every year, regards syngal 
5 0 एक साथ चुनाव कराने में सबसे बडी दिक्कत सरकार का बीच मे गिर जाना है इसका एक समाधान यह है कि अगर केन्द्र स्तर पर अगर कोई सरकार गिरती है तो फिर नया चुनाव होना चाहिए और जरूरत के हिसाब से नई सरकार का कार्याकाल तय करना चाहिए। जैसे अगर कोई सरकार 3.5 वर्ष से पहले गिरती है तो नई सरकार का कार्यकाल पुरानी सरकार जितना हो तथा 3.5 वर्ष बाद अगर कोई सरकार गिरती है तो नई सरकार का कार्यकाल अगले चुनावों तक बढाया जा सकता है। लेकिन 3.5 के बाद वाले हालत में सरकार गिरने की शर्त केवल गठबंधन सरकार पर लागू हो। 
1 0 Comments in PDF file which not only includes brief on simultaneous polls but also when to conduct elections and when to declare results Thanks, Nishit Desai- 9930003400 
1 0 एक साथ चुनाव कराने में सबसे बडी दिक्कत यह है कि अगर कोई सरकार बीच मे गिर जाए तो क्या किया जाए। इसका समाधान यह है कि - 2.5 वर्ष के बाद अगर कोई सरकार गिरती है तो ऐसी स्थिति में राज्यपाल को भी शासन का अधिकार देना चाहिए। ऐसे में गठबंधन सरकार से कोई भी सहयोगी दल, राजनितिक लाभ के लिए, सहयोग वापस नहीं ले पाऐगें। लेकिन अगर 2.5 से पहले कोई सरकार गिरती है तो फिर से चुनाव हों और नई सरकार का कार्यकाल पुरानी सरकार के बराबर हो। 
0 0 1.अगर हमें एक साथ चुनाव कराना है हमें सरकार के कार्यकाल के समय को लचीला करना होगा यानी जरूरत पडने पर बढाना या घटाना और कानून में बदलाव करना पडेगा यानि राज्य सरकार गिरने पर राज्यपाल को शासन देना। राज्यपाल को शासन देने बस से हो सकता है सरकार गिरे ही नहीं.. 2.चुनावो में पैसो की बरबादी रोकने के लिए राजनितिक प्रचार पर भी बैन होना चाहिए और rallies की जगह, नेताओं में राष्ट्रीय,आर्थिक और सामाजिक इत्यादि विषयों पर बहस(national TV channel पर)होनी चाहिए।इससे एक लाभ यह होगा कि लोग बहस के हिसाब से वोट देगे। 
0 0 RESPECTED PM SIR IT IS VERY PROUDFUL THING FOR US THAT WE HAVE SHARE SOME OF OUR THOGHTS WITH U ON DIFFERENT THING ABOUT OUR NATION FOR DEVELOPMENT. SIR FIRST I WILL SEE AS PRIMINISTER OF INDIA AT NEXT TERM FROM 2019-2024. I WISH GOD THAT MY WISH WILL COMPLETE IN NEXT ELELCTION. SIR UR FOCUS ON SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION IS VERY GREAT IT HELPS ALL INDIANS TO TAKE ONE DECISION 
3 0 I have uploaded my view in PFD File. 
2 0 My views: 1.Simultaneous election for Loksabha and Vidhan Sabha & Rajya sabha and Vidhan parishad must be started. 2.Term of election shall be increased to 6 years. 3.Presidential type of government should be introduced with 6 years term. 4.There shall be minimum qualification and experience criteria defined for all ministerial post, MP, MLAs. 5.Criminals should not be accepted to hold any office. 6.Criminals should be debarred from voting also. 
0 0 INDIA KE LOGO KE KARAN HI INDIA GULAM HUA THA YE HISTORY HAIN. 
0 0 NETA,PARTY,CORRUPT PPL,BLACK MONEY USER HAIN REAL TERRORIST. 
0 0 Planning to conduct elections simultaneously for both lok shaba and assembly will not reflect the real issues faced by the general public. Both the component has its own goal to achieve. They should be held separately so that the local issues can be very well dealt 
0 0 sabse pehle app shikha me sudhar karne..... 
0 0 As election schedules are increasingly staggered, governance is paralysed for months in each election. Hence having a simultaneous election once in 5 years, would let the government plan better and implement them, without having to deal with the MCC frequently.However more needs to be done for electoral stability.Read full views on desirability and feasibility of simultaneous elections. 
0 0 SIR I AM A STUDENT 
1 0 HELLO SEE IT 
0 0 Namaskaram. I have attached a note on simultaneous polls. 
1 0 My views: 1. Simultaneous election for Loksabha and Vidhan Sabha must be started. 2. Presidential type of government should be introduced. This will stop black mail politics as well as the appeasement politics. 3. No person should be allowed to hold any office for more than two terms. 4. Criminals should not be accepted to hold any office. 5. Criminals should be debarred from voting also. 
0 0 my basic premise is that simultaneous elections for both ls and state assemblies is a really good idea and must be implemented asap. there are considerable amount of challenges but they are not insurmountable. That would be a welcome step. It would save great amount of money and labor hours for the nation. Political positivity would be an additional benefit. regards Gobi Rajendran #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov 
0 0 namaskaram, my basic premise is that simultaneous elections for both ls and state assemblies is a really good idea and must be implemented asap. there are considerable amount of challenges but they are not insurmountable. i have attached my ideas in the pdf and hopefully we arrive at a consensus that helps build a better nation that what we are right now. regards kumaran Natarajan #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov 
0 0 Hi everyone my opinion on this is very simple that i want that all the election of different levels of govt held with general election . I think it will increase the efficiency of the govt policy to implement quickly because there is no code of conduct in between the years of rule. But the measure problem is that what would happen with the elected govt which not complete their 5years before next general election. I think if the setion of that govt will increase or the election for short term. 
0 0 Not only Lok Sabha & Bidhan Sabha election but all elections of public representatives including panchayat and municipal body should be held simultaneously. People are well versed in casting vote to elect five six people at a time, thanks to panchayat election, and there would be no problem if two more addition takes place. Rest is PDF 
0 0 recruitment and we should trust our representatives. Trust me our representatives are much better than feudal bureaucrats. Also if a minister is fool then he will face the music in elections. But we cannot run a modern democracy with the administrative structure of feudocracy.If u r in doubt read abt later Mughals and their administration. Rulers like Muhammad Shah Rangila. 
0 0 My post is on Surajya To develop India into a modern professional economy, we need to get rid of feudocracy ( yes our bureaucracy is actually that). How to professionalise feudocracy 1) All central and AIS should b upto 18 yrs only I.e collector to commissioner, SP to DIG, DFO to CF, Deputy commissioner (IT) to Commissioner(IT) & so on . Rest all higher posts in states & centre should b on selection basis through advertisements by government.(not UPSC or SPSC)Ministries can frame rules for 
0 0 Yes that would b a welcome step as there would b more work and less corruption. At least I hope so. 
0 0 Rajya Sabha & Vidhan Parishad (In states) must Be Removed- It has become a platform for parties to further their political agenda than to debate and improve legislation. Important legislations that are passed in the Lok Sabha (prajatantra) are scuttled in Rajya Sabha (political tantra) for political reasons. It is acting as a hindrance to speedy legislative process that the country desperately requires for economic & social growth and progress TOTAL WASTE OF PUBLIC MONEY. 
1 0 Voting Procedure- Pre-Voting, Voting by E-Mail & Mobile SMS should be used. This can easily be achieved by EPIC/ AADHAR/ Mobile Number linking. From the next day of Name Withdrawal- Voting should commence and shall last till preceding day of booth level voting. Election commission may install Voting machine in suitable location say 1 location per 1Lakh voter. we may achieve 100% voting before reaching the booth level voting day provided the Electorates list is updated to remove Dead &Bogus voter 
1 0 Parliament Election /Assembly elections/ Local Body Election which are becoming due in 2018, 2019 may be postponed to 2020 (May-June) and Assembly elections getting due in 2021, 2022 may be advanced to 2020. 
1 0 That would be a welcome step. It would save great amount of money and labor hours for the nation. Political positivity would be an additional benefit. 
0 0 **New ideas pass through three phase: It can't be done. It probably can be done, but it's not worth doing. I knew it was a good idea all along!** 
0 0 Very good thought I agree with government of India's this thought 
0 0 As a 22 yr old who has volunteered for the 2016 assembly elections in TN, I give some notable comments about the simultaneous election processes 
0 0 I am proposing something more democratic, more constructive, though a bit drastic.... 
0 0 All these should be online linked to UID no. all will be seamless and transparent. 
0 0 All these should be online linked to UID no. all will be seamless and transparent. 
0 0 I am agree with the simulations election of loksabha and vidhansabha.In my opinion the period of governance should be of 3 years.Because we could see that most of the government do their duty only in last two years for attracting the voters.This will help to decrease corruption in such a way-in period of 5 yrs political leaders think of making money in first three yrs,it means they work only two last yrs.if the goverance would be of 3 yrs political leaders would do their duty at least  two yrs.. 
0 0 Yes, Definitely Yes Today the entire politics of India is centred arround the next election. Any move any political party makes, is seen as an election move, irrespective of its motive or connection. To keep the Nation Coherent for 5 years is a great thing this system can do. Apart from that of course we save millions of rupees, man power and prevent policy paralysis in the states as well. 
1 0 I have also a separate opinion...why not we will conduct direct elections for the post of prime minister and chief ministers.this will also save time ,money and corruption in a big way. After winning pm will choose his own cabinet from within party..and CM also choose in the same way.fighting to get tickets also be stopped.if it is not possible in our country than simultaneous election must been held. 
1 0 Elections of vidhan sabha and loksabha must be at same time.it's difficult but not impossible.simultaneous elections will unblock the way of development .save money of our country,save time manpower,curruption,mobilization of black money which will surely boost the economy of our country.we the people in support of our govt.to make law for simultaneous election in India.I am sure that govt.in centre is capable to do this. Thanks 
1 0 #MyGov 
1 0 I think having Lok & Vidhan sabha elections at the same time is excellent idea. it will save a lot of time and money and will lead to  a stronger democracy.  I complety agree that it need a lot of planning and manpower but it is never to late . once we will start thinking we can manage as we have done in case of GST bill. So government should start thinking about its excution as central government under Mr modi is capable enough to make this change happen within stipulated time. 
1 0 Please see the attachment in favor of simultaneous elections. 
1 0 I think election of Prime minister should be directly by the public. this will reduce the political pressure from the party as well as opposition.The Lok sabha & Vidhan Sabha elections must be at a time simultaneously to save 1- The money of Country. 2- Time of people. 3- To prevent the corruption in Election.4- The date must be same of Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha. 
0 0 I think election of Prime minister should be directly by the public. this will reduce the political pressure from the party as well as opposition. 
0 0 Sir This will become one of the most dynamic reforms of India. Just like GST it will change the country. Sir I want to drag your attention towards promotion policy and transfer policy of Central Government employees you please look at this as it needs a lot of reforms. Promotion policy is completely biased towards group a employees and in stead of departmental examination for promotions it counts years of services sir if a deserving candidate wants to get promotion the system forbids 
0 0 By having Lok & Vidhan sabha elections at the same time there is an issue of continuity. Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha (indirectly Rajya Sabha too) will all have new members at the same time. And how to we realign the elections when say Vidhan Sabha of a state is dissolved midterm for whatever reason.... 
2 0 मेरे विचार में ग्राम पंचायत चुनाव से लेकर विधानसभा,लोकसभा तक के चुनाव एक साथ होने चाहिये।चुनाव के पहले संपूर्ण देश मे राष्ट्रपति शासन लागू करना चाहिए,कम से कम 6महीने पहले। 
0 0 1. It should be desirable to hold the both elections simultaneously as in the other countries. We are a large population and every time we conduct an election, government have to spent a lot of money(needs no explanation). That money can become useful at better causes than voting . 2. Different parties participating in election flows the river of money to woo the voters (that money is coming out of our pockets to flow into the wrong pockets). Imagine what government can do with those money. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections is a bad idea in my opinion. What if there is a wave of support for one party at a point of time. They will end up sweeping both national and state elections: giving a blank cheque to a single party. Also,  voters need to think in two different ways when they go to the election booth (who will do best for my country and who will do best for my legislative constituency). When elections are conducted separately, it is easy to make this judgement, especially forthe uneducated 
0 0 Sir, This August-2016 I have a tour from Kolkata to Vizag by my own car. There are number or toll gates are observed in the national highway. They are collecting tolls. As my journey is pre-defined as the number of toll gates are fixed in my journey route, can a system be in place such that I can purchase toll gate ticket in one go and made the journey with less cash handling. It will not only help the onetime users, but also help the business truck users. 
0 1 Sir,The Natural Gas from Oil India Ltd should be supplied to the Tea Industry in Assam.There has been an irregular Natural Gas supply to the Tea Industry of Assam.Tea industry should be considered as the basic priority sector in supply of natural gas because the small tea growers are dependent.As well as the Tea Industry of Assam provides a lots of employment therefore the Tea Industry should be considered as the basic priority sectory in terms for supply of Pipe Natural Gas (PNG) by Oil India. 
2 0 #SimultaneousElections #MyGov 
0 0 An amendment  must be brought and it should cleary state  that state govt  should be helmed by only regional parties and centre govt should be be done by central political party only.  There should be no coalition  in the central govt.  Whereas state govta may have it. The election should be simultaneously held to save the resources  and time. 
0 0 Well, though the benefits are genuinely enlisted, I have two major concerns.Firstly, what will happen if a single party wave results in polarisation of voters towards that single party in centre and states alike? This might result in abrogation of federal character of our country. Secondly, the priorities of the central and state level governments are different, as highlighted by subjects in the Centre, State and Concurrent lists of the constitution. How can the election campaign go hand inhand 
0 0 The Lok sabha & Vidhan Sabha elections must be at a time simultaneously to save 1- The money  of Country. 2- Time of people. 3- To prevent the corruption in Election.4- The date must be same of Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha. 
0 0 Few of The most important historical secrets mentioned nowhere in our textbooks in any level of education. Must listen everyone, esp. Civil Services Aspirants. Many thanks. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPib4DMBvqc 
0 0 Yes, both parliament & state elections should be conduct simultaneously, It Reduces the expenditure of election commission of india, & by the way model conduct should implement strictly. 
0 0 Elections of Parliament and states must be conducted at the simultaneously. This might help the ruling parties to implement the policies and decision making. 
0 0 Yes,to be held simultaneously. It saves lot of time, man hour,money and brings transperanecy in functioning of the govt. Post pone the state elections of 17/18 to 2019 and pre pone 20/21 elections to 2019 by constitutional amendment and conduct the election in 2019. No in between elections. If govt. falls for any reason remaining period will be administered by the governor/president as per the guidelines of election manifesto of the ruling party or coalition at that time. OR go as per US system. 
0 0 Yes, definitely all elections should be held in one go, good for the people also they will vote more and for the government to be stable and do more good work. But it will take lot of convincing for all other parties as of now. 
1 0 .VOTE FROM INTERNET & EVM- IN CASE OF LOK SABHA ELECTION ,THERE SHOULD BE PROVISION TO VOTE FROM INTERNET,BECAUSE SO MANY PEOPLE ARE THERE TO VOTE BUT THEY CAN'T VOTE DUE TO OUT OF PLACE OR COUNTRY.PLEASE MAKE A CONCEPT THAT, WE CAN VOTE THROUGH OUR INTERNET BANKING IN PAN CARD OR ADHAR CARD ACTIVATION,MEANS OUR IDENTITY WILL BE PAN CARD OR AADHAR CARD,THAT CAN'T BE REPEATED.AFTER THAT ALL SERVER COLLECTIVELY COUNT ALL VOTES FROM INTERNET AND EVM. 
1 0 Simultaneous elections are preferable. Once one goes to the booth, one can vote for both MP & MLA. This will save a lot of time, money and energy 
1 0 Yes, election should be happen at once to save the time and resources 
2 0 Elections to Parliament and states must be conducted at the same time. There must be a qualification for candidates to contest. No midterm elections must be held. If any constituency loses its member due to any reason or NOTA is more than 50% then the election to that constituency must be nullified, and its development must be handed over to the governor till next elections. Model code of conduct must be enforced strictly. 
0 0 Elections are only way for electorate to held politicians accountable. Minor cost of annual elections, must not dilute the very fundamentals of democracy. I would rather argue for 20% of seats shall go for election every year. So that politicians do not go to sleep for five years/until next elections and work round the year for betterment of people. 
0 0 I think election of the state & the centre should be done at one time it will save the time, money & resources. There should be a midterm election also to accommodate the any dissolved assembly, due to any reason. The midterm election should be valid only for the rest of the term (remaining period) and again the next election should be on the same time. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections are not just desirable, they are essential. They'll free the public personalities from all encumbrances for next 5 yrs, there will be no distractions from discharge of public duties for next 5 yrs. All the elections in all the states for all the levels should be conducted simultaneously. The money, effort, time and manpower saved would be colossal. Would definitely lead to better governance. 
0 0 I hope present election system is ok. Aadhar card must be accepted along with Voter ID. As I found many a time the booth is not identified and it becomes difficult to find out booth from VOTER ID. if Voter ID is not present Aadhar card must be accepted. 
0 0 YES its a good Idea to hold all the elections simultaneously. Please also ensure that no leader could speak about RELIGION, CASTE and FREE BENEFTIS. It creates division and loss of public money. A copy of signed affidavit must be given to voter mentioning all POLL PROMISES. Elections must be cancelled if more than 50% voter opt for NOTA. Only electronic, Electrical & PERSONAL medium of publicity should allowed it promotes SWACCH BHARAT. 
0 0 में माननीय प्रधानमंत्री से पूछना चाहता हूँ कि सरकार व् उच्च अधिकारी गलत नीतिया क्यों बनाते है व् सरकार इन पर विचार क्यों नहीं करती. नरेगा चला कर फालतू रूपए क्यों खर्च करती है. ऐसी योजना बनावे जिससे सभी को फायदा भी हो व् देश का विकास भी हो जिससे मंहगाई भी नहीं बढे आम लोगो को सस्ती सुविधा मिले. जेसे कि किसानो को खेत तक पानी ले जाने व सिचाई हेतु पाइपलाइन डाली जावे जिससे पानी की बर्बादी पर रोक लग सके व् चारागाह भूमि पर अतिक्रमण नहीं इस के लिए चारागाह भूमि पर पत्थर गढ़ी करवानी व सख्त कानून बनाना 
0 0 fulfil the eligibility criteria of the Act. 
0 0 I welcome the suggestion to hold simultaneous elections to the State Legislatures and the Parliament. And one more important change should also be made in the People representation Act.i.e. when the seat of the elected member falls vacant, due to resignation, removal or death of the elected member, no bye-election should be held; instead the party of the elected member shall be asked to nominate another candidate to serve the seat for the rest of the period. Of course such a candidate should ful 
0 0 There is no doubt that simultaneous elections will be a great boon to the country and our economy. Today nation is caught in a web of elections every year . In the name of elections the whole issue of development is stalled and communalisation creeps up. Flow of illegal money creeps up. The code of conduct stalls govts works. So conducting all national and state elections at one time is a great idea.Though our selfish leaders will be against it, I think govt should go with the public for nation 
0 0 Also, we can think of SMS voting, with SMS voting from registered mobile devices happening from the day of declaration of voting date to 1 week prior to actual voting day. In the case actual vote is not cast, SMS vote becomes the default. If actual vote cast, SMS vote is overridden by choice made in ballot box. The record of SMS vote for all, who cast ballot will be deleted after voting day. 
0 0 Let us do it this way. Line up all Municipal to Central Govt. elections falling within range of 2 years at midpoint of 1.5 years. So, we will have 1 election in 2 years. Postpone 5 years to 6.5 years of a incumbent govt. or to 4.5 years. This way losses to political parties are minimized, and gains maximized. Declare 2017 as election free year, and club everything in 2018 April. Similarly, hold no elections in 2019, but have it end of 2020 after Diwali. This will give breathing time to parties. 
0 0 My arguments AGAINST simultaneous elections are attached. Thank You. 
0 0 All are telling some thing since beginning sinners being increased @ 1: 4 living like creeping things.The elections must be post phoned to make eath as heaven.Follow clean India to make a peaceful new India under leader ship of modipmindia to washout dirty things for dhan man than bhudeemaan shakthimaan to give divine power good generation to make India as heaven. clean.Follow modipmindia.failing which al will become prostitutes with in near future. 
1 0 good decision as it will save great amount of money every time.... 
0 0 भारत में 100 प्रतिशत मतदान सुनिश्चित करना सरकार की सबसे बड़ी जिम्मेदारी है। इस जिम्मेदारी को जन-मन में लाने के लिए राष्ट्रीय कत्र्तव्य के साथ ही धार्मिक विश्वास के रूप में जाग्रत करना होगा। कश्मीर से लेकर कन्याकुमारी तक और पश्चिम गुजरात-राजस्थान से आसाम, मिजोरम के पूर्वोत्तर तक एक झण्डा, एक भाषा और एक संस्कृति के बैनर तले भारत माता के सुजलाम सुफलाम शस्य स्यामलाम-वन्दे मातरम के सपने को साकार करना होगा। आज के युग में लोकतन्त्र ब्रह्मास्त्र की तरह है। सम्पूर्ण भागीदारी के बिना सरकारें अपूर्ण होती है 
0 0 Today, the politics in india is divided in parties and candidates. Today people become political leaders not for development of economy, but  for sake of power. India needs freedom from party system. All candidates even before elections want themselves to be nominated for higher posts. Rather India should set up a system, where all wining candidates should be part of ruling govt. And should collectivelly choose leaders,nominate and select people for various key post protecting minority interests 
0 0 It will be a good decision as it will save great amount of money every time. 
0 0 Election should be online as we have adhar card means we are also in digital world,as it will save great amount of money as well as there will be no dummy or fraud votes because security levels are good in adhar card.And we may have more then one election at time. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections must be done but not only for lok sabha & assemblies but for all type of municipal & all that must be done ay one time because our entire country energy is engaged throughout the year in all type of elections 
1 0 If simultaneously elections are held it will not only help to reduce expenditure but elected representatives can not change party particularly at state level. I suggest to teach lessons to MLAs, Governor rule should be imposed till next election did not occur. And also some issues should be sorted out which I can suggest broadly later on. 
0 0 The elections for Center and state should be simultaneous. This will help the ruling parties to concentrate on the policies and decision making. From 1965 / 1967 the country is all the time in election mode. We have elections in some corner of the nation. The simultaneous elections will also help the voter to take a total view to elect the representative. This concept may not be accepted by the regional parties. For them continuous election mode may be useful. 
1 0 साथ साथ लोकसभा और विधान सभा के चुनाव होने से सरकारी धन की बहुत बचत होगी जिसे जन कल्याण में लगाया जा सकेगा।साथ ही समय की भी बचत होगी जिसे सरकारी तंत्र जन विकास में लगा सकेगा। 
0 0 I go with the simultaneous elections for rajyasaba and state legislative assembly. In both cases if the remaining period is less than one year care taker government is good. If it is more than two years elections maybe for the remaining period only. AND A BIG CHANGE I THINK IS "A P ARTY SHOULD NOMINATE FOR ALL CONSTITUENCIES IN A STATE. OTHERWISE THAT PARTY SHOULD NOT ALLOWED TO TAKE PART IN THE ELECTIONS" 
2 0 please consider this information pm and president and election commission. all over india all political party members and his family members submit pancard, 3year income tax record, asset details at every election of mp, mla,and panchayt (mayor, president, ward member, rural memer etc) election namination 
0 0 Election if held simultaneously is very very good but very high care should have to be taken by election commission  to make election fair specially where people cant cast their vote or caste vote under impression of fear. 
0 0 There should not be any simultaneous election system for the union of India and the state assemblies .Since people of India has not entered into any contract or bond with elected representatives.In the present system we have an opportunity to disregard the ruling party in state assemblies if it is not working as per the desired public interest or vice-versa .If the proposed system will be adopted then it may result in Autocracy and we may face again a situation of Emergency in future so avoid it 
0 0 Please inform To PM Narendra  Modi    !   do not show be so careless on  my topics or words   Be very attentive  Be be very very concern able  - do you know Now this group   Miss Jayalalithaa’s Health  Condition is being made  deteriorated  by Your Padmashree and her mother and their team just take precaution  now my poor words   -They will kill every body of Indian politician’s  except me who is their evil deed witness   unless other what will be in their work or taking revenge to punish he 
0 1 There should be simultaneous elections for Parliament and all state assemblies.In case of mid term poll for a state assembly,election should be held for remaining period of the dissolved house if remaining period is more than two years.for remaining period less than two years,Governor's rule should be imposed for that  period.For mid term poll for LokSabha,if remaining period of the house is less than one year,the caretaker Govt. should continue for that period. 
0 0 Namashkar, I think simultaneous elections would have some pros and cons Pros People will be voting more as there will be atmosphere of elections,So voting percentage may increase. People will have more elaborate discussion on to whom should we vote. Govt , specially Election Commision will have to work once and rest they can focus on making elections more reachable. Cons It can hamper the state independence, since in a flow people may vote same party in center and state. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections is an idea whose has clearly arrived.   It will save a lot of time and energy.  The most important gain would be that the Elected Central Government will be able to concentrate on governance rather than being distracted by local State elections. This would hopefully lead to other electoral reforms . . .  like transparent funding of elections. 
0 0 Aadarniy pradhanmanti ji safar pranam. Loksabh or vidhansabha ka election eksath honese bogas election nai ho sakta. Or jo karmachari jis election booth pe kam karte h unhe wahi pe vote karane ki system honi chahiye. 
0 0 Its a very good move and benefits can not even be fathomed at this early age. Apart from obvious direct benefits in term of control on expenditure benefits of far reaching consequences like diverting attention to more productive and useful activities for development of economy and overall national development can be organised. We must do it whatever be the political consequences 
0 0 Hello My Dear PM ji Namaskar My Opinion of Elections there can be Three cycles of First Will be Loksabh,Second will be Assembly and third cycle will be Panchayat Raj Election in half period and gap between these three cycles should be three months after nine months it will completed all election in through out India and also its most use full for saving of money 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, आगामी कुछ माह में कई राज्यों में विधान सभा चुनाव होने है,इसमें सभी प्रत्याशियों का एक ही मंच पर डिबेट होना चाहिए जिससे जनता अपने प्रत्याशियों को अच्छी तरह समझ सकेगा,अलग से कोई प्रचार के प्राविधान पर रोक होना चाहिये।इसके लिए जिलाधिकारी के निर्देशन में प्रत्येक विधान सभा में 15 स्थान पर जनता के बीच डिबेट कराया जाना चाहिये तथा प्रत्याशियो से न्यूनतम निर्धारित चुनाव खर्च जिलाधिकारी के पास जमा किया जाना चाहिये,इस प्रक्रिया से धनबल तथा बाहबल पर रोक लग सकेगा। 
0 0 Yes, whatever type the election may be. but it should be valid. only an indian citizen should vote. for that we have only one valid id proof for all the citizens. That is aadhaar card. if the election is conducted by the aadhaar card and the biometric process, we can reduce the election expenses too. We are all indians. but unfortunately due to some situations the election time are extended or postponed.. it may happen again in the future too.. because. we have two type of governments. 
0 0 Simultaneous Election is a good idea,but I think that in India must be any two or three national party. Not alike a bunch of log. All election from Panchayat to Lok Sabha in the same time and for same national parties. By this we can save our peoples precious money any and there time. 
1 0 We are still not a thinking nation. Cross overs, fall of govt is unpredictable.SC has burnt its mind on this.So let us take few more years. Govt fall by MLAs, MPs is constitutional right.No duty to support for ever. So wait. Public dont question, enthuse, extract work from MLAs,MPs- no accountability to voters in conflicts.So wait, let nation be more developed.Courts may not support.Democracy smiles 
0 0 Postal department is not paying me my daughter's dues see the attachments Your Registration Number is : MOIAB/E/2016/02356 - 12/10/2016 Refrence--  MOIAB/E/2016/01543 Your Registration Number is : DPOST/E/2016/07643 -10/07/2016 
0 0 Sir maine kuch naya formula abiskar kiya,details mera (10/10/2016 post) Fb,twitter,blog,Book,etc me diya huya,sree DEBASISH,DEBASISH,.. 
0 0 all elections should be on same time. from Lok sabha to panchayat. 
0 0 Thanks To make suggestions site but it needs lot of improvements.it is not a lay man site. Another thing this suggestions site is very closed not opened to suggest as a whole not a state wise because each state has different issue if we solve that then we solve as a whole. like safayi abhiyan is partially start by government.i have huge ideas to clean india, financial policies ,primary improving per capita income in punjab,drug free punjab, healthy punjab,brain gain punjab impact in nation 
0 0 There should be simultaneous elections of both parliament and assemblies by fixing the tenure of elected houses. In case of a fall of a govt due to any reasons, a motion of confidence should be taken up to elect a new govt from the same house of parliament/ assembly. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections excellent idea but before implement ,all political party should seat under one roof. 
0 0 IN MY OPINION, THERE CAN BE TWO CYCLES OF ELECTION:- IN FIRST CYCLE THERE WILL BE LOK SABHA ELECTION & IN SECOND CYCLE THERE WILL BE ALL ASSEMBLY ELECTION AS WELL AS PANCHAYAT RAJ ELECTION. AND THE GAPE BETWEEN THESE CYCLES SHOULD BE TWO & A HALF YEAR.THIS PROCEDURE WILL SAVE OUR VALUABLE TIME.  #simultaneousElections #ElectionCommision 
0 0 #SimultaneousElections This seems to be a very good idea of breaking the election cycle presently followed in our country. Likewise a major constitutional amendment of GST was carried out with compensation to some losing states by the central government, the same shall be implemented for those states in holding simultaneous elections along with LS polls for which the assembly is dissolved ahead of time. States shall be brought under this on GDP-Current assembly time left ratio. 
0 0 In a ideal situation, elections to Parliament and State Assemblies should be held simultaneously. It would be much economical and much easier to make all arrangements.The political parties will also require to spend much less on electoral expenses.However, this cannot be done in one go , it has to be a gradual process. 
0 0 Elections in our country is no less important and sacrosanct than any festival. With Indian democracy, the people too have matured. Repeated elections have instilled in the people of this nation required skill to cast vote, in fact everyone has graduated in taking part in electoral activities...Now, let the people of this country perform some other tasks apart from performing election responsibilities..I have full faith in present lawmakers, they'll definitely do better for the next generation. 
0 0 My views are attached 
0 1 All elections should be simultaneously conducted or in two phase. one for parliament & assemblies, and second for local bodies. To achieve this, I suggest following. 1) The 2) Last assembly elections took place in 2016, in Assam. The term will End in 2021. So from now onwards, the term of all houses should be notified till early 2021. 3) The term of legislative assembly should be fixed to 5 years and it is the responsibility of elected members to form a govt rising above party lines. 4) In 
0 0 #5. since one election for 5 yrs terms,in hang/disqualification/defection drama will come to and end so also horse trading,since if president hold office for remaining term,his office terms also need to be specified,now elected membership of ruling/opposition same to be present in parliament to work & support president, beyond party politics,and for there constituency development, with this all political scrap will be eliminated,only true nationalist will transform development. 
0 0 At a time elections for India can save time.But the main issue comes from the politicians view of making law and order easy for their makings.At a time elections should involve large number of security also conducting at a time elections now present ruling state government gets a problem for them.But conducting simultaneous elections we can save money for the nation also central government can escape from election code which comes for them in every state where election is going on. 
0 0 Elections involve public money and therefore must be sychronized to be held together saving costs. Moreover, there must be a right to recall resting with the citizens which must allow them to recall the govt. if it does not deliver. There must be an action plan initiated by the govt. and timelines for them defined. The reports for the delivered action must be released with the budget session. It's high time to consider the structure of the governance and the duties performed by representatives. 
0 0 both of election laksabha and vidhansabha at time simultaneous. its maybe save time. 
0 0 Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas elections should be take place simultaneously. 
0 0 I support the simultaneous elections concept. i also suggest that the elections for all the states and the central should also take place simultaneously. This will reduce the time spent by ministers in rallying support for their parties in different states and also improves productivity of the ministers. 
0 0 My opinion is that all elections should be conducted in single time It will be help to reduce time and black money used in the elections And the elected government gets full time (5yr) to work 
0 0 My opinion is that all election conduct single time for saving time money and so many things. 
1 0 I could not understand why government still use the cars for one person, in the name of convey which is huge loss to people in all aspects, and need less use of government vehicles for personal use 
0 0 Hello Team, My name is Mehul Kapadia from Surat Gujarat .. I would like to share small story of Flipkart India . I ordered the product name iPhone 5S 16Gb silver colour on 3rd of October on my Surat address but unfortunately the pincode was been wrong and hence I made 4Calls to flipkart to change the Pincode and the answer which I got was it would be done and product would be provided on promised 13th October 2016 but unfortunately today when I tried to track it says that Product return 
0 0 My Proposal: 1. Have 3 election cycles: -Main Cycle -Intermediate cycle at 1.5 years,if required -Intermediate cycle at 3.5 years,if required 2. If mid-term election is necessary for LS or any assembly,it can be aligned with any one of the intermediate cycles 3. Tenure to be allowed to vary between 4.5 to 5.5 years for alignment with these cycles Advantage: 1. All elections covered in only 3 cycles 2. Elections at regular smaller intervals,eliminate populist decisions and complacency 
0 0 No. Vidhansabha election of all states should be conducted simultaneously. Conducting loksabha and vidhansabha elections simultaneously will confuse voter and parties contesting. Conducting vidhansabha elections of all states simultaneously will save a lot of time and money. Loksabha and Vidhansabha elections should conducted at different different times. We can keep 2 years gap in between these to elections like conduct loksabha elections first and after 2 years conduct vidhansabha elections. 
1 0 Please take both election together,in our nation only 60% voters give vote and most of educated and government employees away from home,they unable to vote for nation if remaining 40% voters comes in picture our nation will be different 
0 0 Yes,sir I support simultaneous election. Because,loats of time saving and money saving. 
0 0 Yes,sir I support simultaneous election. Because,loats of time saving and money saving. 
0 0 i support simultaneous elections 
0 0 I support simultaneous elections 
0 0 File containing my suggestions is attached herewith. Mohan Chandra Agrawal 
0 0 Desirability to conduct simultaneous elections of LOK SABHA & VIDHAN SABHA seems idea from airconditioned boardroom with logic to save time & money. Lok Sabha is for National Interest of Indian Citizens, Internal & External Security & broad spectrum on all issues whereas Vidhan Sabha for State Interest of that particular State. Keeping interest of citizens in mind where Govt is- For the People, By the People, Of the People, Elections of Vidhan Sabha & Municipal Bodies shall be held simultaneous. 
0 0 Yes,but such state elections which time periods end before or after 6 months of central election, And rest state elections can hold at mid of parliamentary time period 
0 0 Its not correct idea since you will confuse the voter as well as party goals. Secondly, voters need to get a chance to get back to political parties if central gov doesn't perform, that party could be shown its place in state elections and vice versa. Thirdly, the machinery currently being rotated from state to state as per need and hence maximum used. together elections, mean you will use it only once or twice. Fourthly imagine situation where central as well as state gov couldn't be formed!!! 
0 0 No. Vidhansabha election of all states should be conducted simultaneously. Conducting loksabha and vidhansabha elections simultaneously will confuse voter and parties contesting. Conducting vidhansabha elections of all states simultaneously will save a lot of time and money. Loksabha and Vidhansabha elections should conducted at different different times. We can keep 2 years gap in between these to elections like conduct loksabha elections first and after 2 years conduct vidhansabha elections. 
0 0 It does not seem to be a feasible idea. It will not serve the purpose. If two elections are scheduled back to back within one year of lok sabka then it should be combined. Means year before and year after lok sabka election there should be no state election. 
1 0 Its not a good decsn accrdng to me it neither saves money nor human resource bcoz if elctn held simltnsly thn evry candidte invest same mony invst at free elctn. There are so mch rallies now a days eacg rally takes the life of people as we see in mayavati,'s rally . voter bcm confuse to whch party he spport when he finds tht one cnddte is good &othr is bad belong to same party from loksabha ,and vidhansabha respctvly. 
0 0 Conducting elections for Lok Sabha, Vidhan Sabhas and Panchat Raj simultaneously save lot of money, time, human resource.It avoids conflicts and provide smooth administration till next election. 
0 1 It is generally observed that if Center and State have same party rule the flow of development is better. Holding elections simultaneously will reduce the budget expended on election procedure. For the assemblies whose tenure ends before can be made under Central control and for those after should be dissolved. In case of by elections the term will be of the remaining period and if the period is of less than a year the state can be brought under Center's rule directly(OR President rule) 
1 0 Respect sir, It is a good news .Not only Parliament and assembly election. We conducted elections municipality to President in this method . It is a good time to give good bye indirect elections. We should conducted byelections in cirtical situation only. If majority lose particular government. That government maybe run Under governor or President 
0 0 Sir, it makes eminent sense to hold the Parliamentary and Legislative elections simultaneously as apart from immensely saving time and resources, a govt reflecting the popular choice and aspirations gets a chance to be elected at the Centre and state simultaneously. This might be a biggest service to the nation as co ordinated actions could be taken. 
0 0 Time & Quality 
0 0 spontaneous election is good and precouos for transaction.please remain as such. 
1 0 Good and time / monney saving Concept. Think of voting thru sms. 
0 0 Plz dont change existing procedure, 
1 0 Obviously, it would be the best decision for transforming India as every year government has to plan policies and manage economy as per the coming state or central elections to be in power (Nothing wrong but national interests are curbed). Hence if all elections occur at one time there will be a fruitful tenure for any government to think for betterment. 
0 0 It is of course very good for a vast country like India to hold Loke Saba and Bidhan Saba elections together. This will have many fold benefits: i) Reduce the cost of holding elections ii) Government will get more time to concentrate on work iii) It will remove the disbalance between lower house in Parliament and Upper house members enabling smooth passage of vital bills. 
1 0 It will be good to conduct the simultaneous elections for both Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha. It saaves the so much money of the public from getting wasted, also it the government will work more effectively without taking the tension for their political parties because of the upcoming elections again and again in every state. 
0 0 I think Idea is good we should proceed it will not only save expenditure , time but also education as we know the teachers are most botherd people due to this 
0 0 It makes sense to conduct all elections simultaneously ,to avoid extra expenditure and saves a lot of time and hassles . Same staff and security arrangements can be judiciously utilised.Change is an ongoing process ,especially if done for good with good and honest intent. 
0 0 This will saves crores of rupees in every election term, it saves public servants time. 2 to 3 days mimimum every election. Voters confusion in parties and their stand on parties can be reduced. Power of regional parties will reduced. 
0 0 THE SYSTEM IS GOOD DON'T CHANGE FOR THE SAKE OF CHANGING WHICH U R DOING. ELDERS WHO HAVE DONE LAWS, SYSTEMS, U R BREAKING IT IN BITS AND PIECES WHICH IS WRONG. U MEAN TO SAY THEY ARE IDIOTS AND U R SMART. U R INSULTING THE ELDERS OF YESTER YEARS WHO WERE OUR  GREAT GRAND FATHERS. THEY HV CREATED FOR A REASON. AMENDMENTS TO BE DONE CAREFULLY. U DESTROYED PLANNING DEPT WHICH WAS DOING A GREAT JOB U MEAN TO SAY PLANNING DEPT HAS NOT DONE ANY JOB IN THE LAST 60 YEARS DON'T GIVE EXCUSE ????????????? 
1 0 I am not in favour of simultaneous elections. I have mentioned the reasons in the attached pdf and I have also proposed a way to cut costs and yet balance the federal polity. I suggest to have six elections to the legislative assemblies between every two general elections to the Parliament. The six elections could be divided according to states in the five Zonal Councils and North Eastern Council. More details attached in the pdf. 
1 0 The total elections system should be updated and all levels of elections must be at one time.. its saves more money.. time.. and uncertainty  in the national and state politics.. a stable government can serve the people effective..  frequent elections can damage our economic profile.. please make this possible ..as early as possible.. 
0 0 See attached file 
0 0 Make public portal which mentions the promised development work that will be done by every MP/MLA. People who elected them can post status update.This will bring transparency in work done at ground level.This help people choose their MP/MLA in next election.It will create competition among MP/MLA to work for their constituencies. Yes - Save huge public money Scheduled tenure should end for both cases. Term Fixed at 3 years No issue.The term ends at next election President/Governor Rule. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections are a best choice for India because it saves 1)crores of rupees every election term. 2) saves public servants time. 2 to 3 days mimimum every election. 3) cost of police security can be reduced. 4) loss of working days of public servants can be reduced. 5) voters confusion in parties and their stand on parties can be reduced. 6)The most important point is, we can reduce the black money flow by political parties. Each party spends crore of rupees for campaign 
0 0 Both election are in one time is the best idea ,thanks to govt & also pm 
1 0 Yes. Elections of Lok Sabha and all the State assembly elections must be held simultaneously. It will save a lot of money and valuable time of our country. 
1 0 Simultaneous elections will save money & time.it is a good idea and it should be implemented but along with this the candidate who are contesting for MP & MLA should have eligibility criterion (needs discussion)like applying Government Jobs.Today we known that criminals & no good people are contesting election because of loop holes.It is time to revise this old useless system and implement fresh new system with sturdy features.So that knowledgeable  people with caliber can serve our motherland 
1 0 thnx to govt of india for providing such a platform first time feeling like an #activecitizen . 
1 0 simultaneous elections are blessed with various benefits explained by many of my freinds below so i would point out some of adverseries only i.e: 1. it may be a great blow to our multi party system and may end up with a autocractic regime. 2. it would be full of complications for both the voters and organisers (i.e EC) taking in view the multilevel representations along with the size of country and its voters .(THNX TO US FOR BEING LARGEST DEMOCRACY SUCH COMPLICATIONS CANT BE SORTED OUT ) 
1 0 Date:- 14/09/2016. Lokmat Parlimant & Assembly Election Take Once Time? Registration These Question Ready To Central Government These Question Vote Our Registration Why Parliament & Assembly Electiontake— *Why Parliament & Assembly Electiontake Is One’s Time Beacause Time, Security Money Profit Which Was Balanced Side And Loss Side It  Balance Side On All Parties Economical Is Not Loss On Economical,Account, Balance & Any Loss Is Nothing On Ones Time Take Election On Before Date Or After 
0 0 #SimultaneousElections 
0 0 Simultaneous elections for both the #LokSabha and state legislatures is a very nice desirable move which should be given #Implementation as early as possible. Just imagine how much Dimension of Millions of Crores will be saved .The cost of Elections which are paid by Exchequer and hundred times more is expenditure incurred by Political Parties Out of which a large part comes from Un Accounted Black Money,every one knows it. 
0 0 I v very interest to serve at interior village people's by our priminister scheme all so indeed approval . 
0 0 I v very interest serve interior village by digital India scheme so I v expect some guide and approval to me. 
0 0 in my view it is not easy to use in india in our contrary voting should be through internet to save time,money and accuracy 
0 0 DEVELOPMENT OF GUJARAT GOVERMENT BHARTIYA JANTA PARTY AHMEDABAD: A day after Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani expressed "difficulty" in removing toll tax from August 15, the state government today exempted small passenger vehicles and state-run buses from paying the road levy on 12 state highways from Independence Day. --- JAY JAY GARVI GUJARAT --- JAY HIND, JAY BHARAT 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister of our Nation India Modi Ji, This is regarding some view on simultaneous election... i had expressed some views on 05th Oct 2016... would like to add some points again here , frankly...the same in pdf file...overall yours is a good governance... 
0 0 Bhartiya Janta Party the goverment of state GUJARAT Gujarat also stands out in the percentage share of Surfaced to total roads in India, indicating that the government focuses on adding good quality roads. Its share of surfaced roads, (90.24) is much higher than Maharashtra (79.73), Punjab (82.98), Andhra Pradesh (54.87), Rajasthan (72.08) and the second highest in India. --- JAY JAY GARVI GUJARAT --- JAY HIND JAY BHARAT 
0 0 MR:Narendra Modiji Good BJP Governance development of india and all schemes declared by our PM. --- JAY JAY GARVI GUJARAT --- JAY HIND, JAY BHARAT 
0 0 If this all is to save time and efforts, government and Election Commission shall club two elections but not Lok sabha and Vidhan Sabha together. They can club Loak Sabha with Zilla Parishad, Vidhan Sabha with Taluka Panchyat and Nagarparishad, Mahanagarpalika with Gram Panchyat. 
0 0 Instead of combining Lok-sabha with Vidhan-sabha, I would suggest combining vidhan-sabha with local body elections (Mahanagarpalika, Nagarpalika and gram panchayats). Lok-sabha and vidhan-sabha should be kept separate to maintain the federal structure intact and diverse. Otherwise, there is a high chance that same parties represent at both levels and collude to push their agenda. This will not allow any political change for next 5 years! In such case, the elections should occur every 4 years. 
0 0 yes i am agree with this idea. this is way will reduce some crores of government 
0 0 1. Great Idea, parties will be relaxed and they will get time to think something else other than election. The fever of one person or party at the time of election will affect the result all over India, it will either beneficial or ????. 2. the parties who haven't finished their term will resist so it will better to extend their term. 3. yes 4. we must have election in between term in case, and the winner will rule until the schedule election date. we must continue  schedule 5. as above 
0 0 It is a good idea. Expenditure can be reduced. If it is implemented, an MLA can not contest as MP and vice versa. Hence, by-election can be avoided. If Polling Materials can be brought in the Polling Station before 12 a.m. of the day before Polling Day. Officers may be intimated the details of Polling Station to which they are posted at 7 a.m. on the day before Polling Day. Then the Polling Party can reach the Polling Station before 1 p.m. on the day before Poll Day. Thus reduce Bus hiring. 
0 0 I completely agree with simultanous election process inwhich nagion can save our money ,man and machine . Which is the key ingradiant of development. I also appreciate this innovative thought and wish to all parliamentarians to include the article in our constitution immediately. 
2 0 apart from the saving money by conducting simultaneous elections, there are some aspects like stable governance. Conducting elections for entire country simultaneous means entire country is in unstable form of administration for a period at least 3months. if suppose any mishap happen like natural disaster, external aggression or internal rebellion. that time public administration is very minimal. So how we can address this kind of situation if entire country in unstable mode of governance 
0 0 yes there should be simultaneous electon in Our country.due to this country save time amd huge cost of money. 
0 0 I do agree that we will save money and minimise corruption. More than that lot of Govt men and machinery time will be saved so that they can perform their duty i.e serving the nation and people. 
0 0 Yes, if we want to develop our country then we should give leaders full tenure. That they can do without worrying about their time. 
0 0 Firstly after looking at what is being said. It seems that it will save lots of money, time and prevent corruption. But if every state goes to election at same time with center then definitely a single party will have a pitch and it is definite that one party will win max states and also then there will be no review of govt as there will be no elections. So instead half of states (with half the countrys population)go at time of Lok sabha and half of the states after 2.5 to 3 years hence. 
1 0 Please see my suggestions 
0 1 Kindly go through the attached file 
0 0 Simultaneous elections along with state funding of expenses of national parties candidates will help remove many ills of India's body politic. 
0 0 we should surely have both Lok Sabha + state assembly Elections together. Also, high time, public referendums be obtained for important issues, from all the voters of all the states in India,such as but not limited to (a) scrapping of Article 370 (b) enforcing of Common Uniform civil law (c) Building of Ram Temple in Ayodhaya and other temples destroyed by Mughals (d) right to recall any elected/selected public servant. PUBLIC REFEREDUMS ARE ABOVE CONSTITUTION, PARLIAMENTS, SUPREME COURT etc... 
0 0 Holding simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas will strengthen Indian democracy as it would facilitate election on common issues and not have any divisve influence.It will also save thousands of crores of INR which can be put into development tasks. 
0 0 While it is certainly feasible and cost effective to have simultaneous elections, I am not in favor of this idea. Reason being - Elections during the term of the government at the centre can serve as a crucial "mid-point" reality check of how the government at Centre is performing. The people may voice their opinions using state election(s) as a forum. However, the country should not be in a perennial "Election mode". Only one collective mid-term state level elections should be planned. 
1 0 The stand from more than 1 constituency to make themselves on safer side than why should we bear the cost of such by elections in the constituency left out by them after they win more than 1 constituency??? Think considerable amount can be saved if they are prohibited from doing so. 
0 0 Further it will lead to the peace of mind of the politicians who never serve people but only make promises. The cost can be reduced by not allowing one politician to stand from more than 1 constituency so that the number of constituency under re-election can be reduced considerably and cost be cut as when a person wins from more than one constituency he elects 1 and leaves others for re election at our cost these cost of re election should be recovered from the concerned politicians. 
0 0 Good idea buthas drawbacks: 1.What if any state/centralgovt.Fallsdown due to no confidence motion? 2.Elections in different time enables the check on politicians who forget their promises and have 2 goto peoplefrequently.this check will lose its relevance. 3.elections in 1time will lead the whole country in stand still. 4.Cost can be cut down by othermeans egprohibiting 1 person stand in election 4rm more than1 constituancy as he chooses 1n drops others when he wins4 relection at ourcost 
0 0 we should surely have both Lok Sabha + state assembly Elections together. Also, high time, public referendums be obtained for important issues, from all the voters of all the states in India,such as but not limited to (a) scrapping of Article 370 (b) enforcing of Common Uniform civil law (c) Building of Ram Temple in Ayodhaya and other temples destroyed by Mughals (d) right to recall any elected/selected public servant. PUBLIC REFEREDUMS ARE ABOVE CONSTITUTION, PARLIAMENTS, SUPREME COURT 
0 0 This is fair thought to conduct simultaneous elections for Lok-Sabha & Vidhan-Sabha, should be done practically within span of 30-40 days max, result of each constituency should be declared same-day by late night so that there is no doubt of manipulation, consolidated party-wise result can be declared at end of Elections. 
0 0 THOUSANDS OF CRORES OF RESOURCES OF GOVT.MACHINERY and Candidates resources are SAVED if SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS ARE CONDUCTED. Certainly it is GOOD IDEA, to be implemented immediately, since the ELECTION COMMISSION/ELECTION COMMISSIONERS ARE IN FAVOUR OF THE PROPOSAL. Forget minority small parties opinion. 
0 0 Parliament and Assembly Elections Should not be on same time. Because it give chance to public to change their opinion about candidate selected in MP/MLA's election. Hence no chance of error again. 
0 0 why we Indians do lots of hard labour for getting jobs in govt sector and at that time we left everything like food, sleep etc. But after getting job in that, they only know how they eat money in different ways and how they make excuse the general people to make his sleep complete. Sir ye hm bharitiyo ki sanskriti hai ya hm indians kavi sudhar nahi sakte, i want to know answer from your side. 
1 0 BHUT JAIMINI (from gujarat) in central level or state level elections BJP Should be there because our prime minister; shri narendra  modiji ha done much more development when he was in gujatat than to he had developed gujarat as well as good ant . the farmers of india "KISAN" had doing sucide because not getting urea for farming and our PM decided that UREA neem coating should be done and reached to our farmers, not to private sectors. good bjp govt. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I have been perusing  Forgery and Fraud in Election (FFE) in India Ever Since Retirement. You would not be shocked but Surely knowing that first two years, my family Election Voters Cards were not prepared while thousands of Outsiders even students studying in Greater Noida NCR have been forged. I have been visiting Slums and Found over 99% Slum dwellers have 3 to 4 Voters Cards of different Delhi Areas and minimum 1 to 2 of their Native Home States. Will you Check Sir 
1 0 All elections should be held continously to avoid any problems in elections. As per my view, ECI should start preparation for election at a time both LokSabha and Vidhan Sabha. Positive impact::- *less expenditure *less workload of ECI *one time,one govt Negative impact::- *require huge workforce *require system rectification 
0 0 Here simultaneous means in 1 week or within few days. Rather before declaration of results of previous elections. Holding elections on 1 date in entire country may be very difficult due to requirements in terms of police and such security forces. In one state it could be on 1 date. Month and year of elections should be pre-decided and should not be left to prevailing government when they will announce elections? One person should not be allowed to contest from 2 constituencies and not in both 
0 0 Yeah it must be simultaneous elections for Pan India... Expenses can be cut down and preventing politicians to consider people as just vote banks..  To stop all nonsense election manifesto...and campaign... 
0 0 Simultaneous Elections should be held & the same is to be maintained and enforced.  If there is a falling of a Govt in any state due to No Confidence motion then the Governor should impose Presidents Rule for the reminder of the Terms of Legislature.  This would ensure that no horse trading takes place & the opposition would think twice before pulling down any elected government. 
2 0 WE ALL SHOULD WELCOME THIS PROPASAL.IN ANDHRA PRADESH,ASSEMBLY ELECTIONS ARE BEING HELD ALONG WITH PARLIAMENT ELECTIONS SUCCESSFULLY FROM MANY YEARS. DIFFICULTIES REPORTED ARE VERY FEW AND RARE.SO IF THIS IS IMPLEMENTED IN ENTIRE COUNTRY,THERE ARE MANY ADVANTAGES. 1.ELECTION EXPENDITURE BY ELECTION COMMISSION AND POLITICAL PARTIES CAN BE  HIGHLY REDUCED. 2.EFFECT OF PARLIAMENT ELECTIONS ON ASSEMBLY ELECTIONS AND VICE VERSA(PARADOX) WILL NOT BE THERE. 3.TIME OF VOTERS AND GOVT CAN BE SAVED. 
0 0 election should be digital that everybody can vote, easy method should be taken , its save time, travel and money,and my important opinion is that if the  Neta doesn't worked for the people it should remove from the post and one substitute neta should be there for  the post  ,and one important is that all the worked of netas should be disclosed in public 
0 0 My point of view it is not possible because if state assembly dissolved after 2 years of election president rule cannot impose for next 3 years......and what if lok sabha dissolved???? We can reduce election cost by some other means but conducting simultaneous election i don't think so..... 
0 0 My Views are attached here with. 
0 0 ek sath election ni hona chahiye isse sambhavna hai  ki koi kisi tatkalik ghtna se election parvabhit ho aur savi jagh ek hi party ka barchsaw ho jaye ase me autocarcy badh sakti h sath hi future me option ki kami ho sakti h alg alag election se patisaprdha jayda kari hoti h anttah fayda nagriko ko hi milta h 
0 0 I strongly feel that all elections should be synchronized and conducted on a fixed date  in October.Too many elections cost too much money that a poor country can ill afford and thwarts and hinders development work.What is more elections are the root cause of corruption and drivers for identity politics thus dividing the country on inherent fault lines.I wonder why we should have so many seperate ones for each law making bodies.one single elected rep for say two laks pop we be efficient and econ 
0 0 I support elections of Lok sabha n Vidhan sabha at same time. If any of these two unable to continue the 5 years term then that duration will run by president of india with the help of Bureaucracy of all Ministry. -It will save our tax payers money. -Easy for politicians in single campaign they are addressing for both election. -It's Easy for Election Commission to conduct election and track the black money circulation. -Regional Parties unable to blackmail Central Govt for those wishes. 
0 0 In addition to the consideration on simultaneous election vote through Internet to be encouraged. This will allow person to vote from home that will save time,cost on transportation, even a person on tour, sick and the NRI. Currently such person who is away from home know business trip, sick are not able to vote. Since voting date is announced as holiday many prefers to go for picnic and don't want to go to vote. At least they can vote from home 
0 0 In my opinion simultaneous election has merit over current practice considering the following : Cost reduction and savings in manpower loss. Opinion of the people is same for the central and state government. 
0 0 WARM WELCOME TO THIS ONE.IT CONTROLS UNWANTED MONEY EXPENSES. IF ANY GOVERNMENT FALLS DOWN DUE TO NON CONFIDENTIAL MOTION - THE PRESIDENTIAL RULE SHOULD COME INTO FORCE. OTHER THAN THIS ONE MASS IDEA IS THERE நேரில் சந்தித்தால் கூறமுடியும் நன்றி முத்துக்குமார் பவானி LOT OF THANKS 
0 0 Simultaneous election not only for Parliment, State Assembly but also for Local Bodies is more essential to save money and also to save waste of time by Government Machinery. Further the State Election commissions must be dissolved because they are operating at the hands of State Government causing misapporiation of laws & rules in many states. This is more clear in the case Tamilnadu as per ruling of High Court. Also Local Body elections should not be party based. 
0 0 India has to travel from developing country to developed country & this journey will take very long time if we do not use our resources of time & money spend for elections. By simultaneous elections of local body, state assembly & national elections we save above resources & the elected representative will be free to take decisions for national interest without worrying about coming elections. It will also help in theory of PERFORM OR PERISH 
0 0 I support simultaneous elections so that it will save time.one benefit is that both central and state government can perform their work with full attention. 
0 0 Yes. Coordination and Implementation of policies and budgets between Centre and States would be a major benefit. 
0 0 In spite of simultaneous election , If any political party would be dissolved before completing their tenure of 5 years , what will be the next step??? 
0 0 I am of the opinion that state and center election should be at the same time. I propose, to have fair election in state, the state Chief Ministers, who are also having home portfolio, they should surrender home portfolio to the state Governor 3 months before term expiry. Chief Ministers are misusing their power during election process in maintaining law and order  and money distribution. 
0 0 I partially support the simultaneous election view, reason being there are equal and substantial points under the merit and demerit category. Merit 1) Freedom from the continuos cycle of elections. 2) Reduced expenditure and workforce. Demerits: 1) Will lead to an increased tendency of formation of coalition government at the centre. 2) It may happen due to a minor issue votes could drift away to a specific party in both the elections, thus leading to a formation of "opportunist" govt. 
0 0 i support my huonreble prime minister of india .as elections of india is very dull so i think government shoud chance the india constituancy rules about all, 
0 0 desirable. for reasons 1. saving in cost. 2. less stress on the voters. 3. commonality of purpose of state and central govt with possible mandate for same party in state and centre 
0 0 'bharat me har mahine chunab hote h'.sarkar tamam policies la rahi h ki kese bhi jamakhori,sarkari atka hua dhan,kala dhanko kosh me ektrit kiya jaye .me nm ji se ye gujarish karunga ki kuch policies esi laye ki es vishw ke sabse bade loktantrik desh ka jo pesa en cunabo par waste hota h wo sena ko samrpit h. sabhi rajyo tatha loksabha ke chunab 5 sal me kewal ek bar ek sath nahi ho sakte kya .ab to aadhar card apki madat kar sakta h  koi ese alternate ke bare me jarur soche sir.. 
0 0 I am in favor of Elections (State as well as National) being held simultaneously. Because in such a scenario Govt can also think of setting few days aside as an Election Vacation. This vacation could even increase the voter turnout which is traditionally very low. So that migrant workers, labors & even engineers like me can go home and cast our vote to a suitable candidate who can build an eco-system in our native place. This eco-system may help us one day to stay at home & stop being a migrant. 
0 0 dear sir, in my view it's a very good decision to conduct simultaneous elections for loksabha and for state assemblies. for the first time, we have to dissolve the assemblies whose tenure is incomplete, which is tough but necessary task. another thing is, term for loksabha and state assemblies should be fixed to rule out any coalition failure. 
1 0 The considerations before the voter for Vidhan and Lok Sabha elections are entirely different. The two elections are best conducted separately to avoid confusion in the minds of voters. 
0 0 Sir transfer policy of Central Government is not fair I'm from Delhi and got posting in Mumbai now it's very difficult to get the transfer. My mother is suffering from fatal disease and I'm the only person to look after her but it's almost impossible for me to get the transfer because of the policy please make it simple and employee friendly. Regards Ajay Sahu 
0 0 Sir this is one of the most dynamic reforms of India it will change the scenario Sir I want to salute you my prime minister is my pride Aur ye main dil se bol raha hu Sir one more request after GST don't make the department toothless because if we give freedom to business community it will take maximum profit and exploit it after all they know only one thing profit maximization. Department of GST should be powerful enough for this. Regards Ajay Sahu 
0 0 Yes, all the election (i.e. For Lok-sabha and vidhan-sabha) should be simultaneously,because by this desicion our India GOV. Will be Stable for 5 year And also meet freedom for take any desicion which will be helped for GOV. to passed any bill by Loksabha and Rajya sabha smoothly i.e.Without restriction. 
0 0 Yes,Simultaneous elections for Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabhas will be a wise decission 
0 0 Yes. it is preferred to conduct simultaneous elections to state and central legislatures. When such simultaneous elections are held for the first time, the term of all the state governments shall be terminated by law or acceptance. The term of the government can be fixed with strict criteria on the credentials of the candidates contesting in elections. 
0 0 a big yes. 
0 0 Indian democracy is multiparty system where M.P. or MLA's elect PM or CM.Last 3 decades no single party comes to power and hence it leads to coalition govt. In between coalition fails due to many reasons; defection, poaching, dis-satisfaction with govt partners, political motive not served, coalition leading to image and erosion of vote bank. This causes fall of central or state govt before tenure. Hence technically not possible to hold Parliament & state election together! 
0 0 for any election either lok sabha or vidhan sabha, for the candidates there should be certain criteria: means Certain Qualification, Character must be good and not involvement in legal cases(No punishment), favorite in their society (in nomination area) for which going for nomination. 
0 0 Elections in our country become a horse trading & muscle power.To stop these practice all election become one and under President Rule. Also E-Voting should be allowed, it helps to prevent wrong practice and muscle power. 
1 0 All elections should be held at one go. It will save huge cost for the country as there will no more logistics involved for vote machinery to act. Thus carrying two voting machine for each booth will suffice the requirement for casting vote for Lok Sabha and State assembly. Also no voter has to waste two days working days for state and Lok Sabha elections which means the productivity of the country increases. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections for state assemblies and parliament will save time, effort, resources of the nation as the voters will check the voter list and then go to booths once, the election commission will save their resources by one time exercise of preparing and editing voter lists arranging staff and space for booths and above all public will not be facing parties' propaganda and false promises every now and then. There will be less noise, less clashes and fewer violations by the candidates. 
0 0 All elections i.e. Lok sabha, Vidhan Sabhas and Panchayat elections should be held Simultaneously. It will reduce expenses, increase the time to work to a govt., reduces the using the manpower in elections. 
1 0 लोकसभा व राज्यों के विधानसभा के चुनाव एक साथ होने चाहिये इससे देश व जनता का समय एवं धन की बचत होगी और वो धन देश के काम आयेगा. 
1 0 Read this and find out 
0 0 Respected Brother, I gave my Views on the subject long time back. Here, I urge you to Provide an OPTION in the Website to Put or Share Views with You on any ISSUE OF NATIONAL INTEREST. Presently, TOPICS are Fixed and Given on the Website which Restricts the Registered Users to Put their Views on TOPICS OTHER THAN THOSE ARE GIVEN on the Website. I want to share my View with you regarding Making Public of the Video Footage of Surgical Strikes in POK which I cannot do for the reason mentioned. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections should be held from centre to panchayat. This will reduce expenses, indirect benefits of saving man hours for repetitive job. Even internet mode can be used this will certainly increase voting percentage. From political point view party will have to adopt standard policy. Coalition of parties should be for all elections held and not for one type of election. As on today we have coalition in one state in other state coalition partners fighting opposite each other. 
0 0 One time election is only way for a prosperous India 
0 0 Why not include Panchayat, Municipal Corporation & other elections ! Come on, lets not get carried away by a single aspect of expenditure. Students of Political Science and Law.... Remember the importance of Checks and Balances ? You know how the public opinion changes in WAVES. Smaller and frequent corrections are better than a Tsunami every 5 years. What happens when a Vidhan Sabha gets dissolved prematurely ? Do you elect a new Govt for left over tenure? OR Have President's rule! Lets see 
0 0 sir,the biggest problem corruption has funding of elections as the main cause.... i think this will lead to political instability,slow growth..... 
0 0 My views is attached herewith 
0 0 One Candidate or One Community or Cast or any non-political future election planned of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar under Common Civil Code (CCC) nation election systems and regulatory by data of every kind of political party have to closed or collapsed by symbolism political or non-political election this is world's by largest movement by future election planned of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar under Common Civil Code and every kind of political or nonpolitical election 
0 0 Suggestions: 1.constitutional amendments are required to be done before conducting simultaneous elections. 2. Unexpired assemblies can be considered along with expired assemblies for the election with Lok Sabha after necessary amendment so that money,efforts can ve saved along with stability of the governments. EVM should also be modified to include all assemblies. This will not  involve condempt of SC.Election commision efficient.Digital Process required. Ramanathan,Scientific Officer Retd. 
0 0 I fully agree with simultaneously conducting loksaba and state elections 
0 0 I am of the firm opinion that Lok Sabha  & Vidhan Sabha elections could be conducted simultaneously. The same should be passed in Parliament. The simultaneous elections would not only save time, but also humongous expenses of elections. It would stop all party members to stop horse trading as well.Let us focus & concentrate on taking country forward, eradicate poverty thru' all round development & true governance. 
0 0 saves lot of public money 
0 0 India is invariably in an election mode. As a result, our Election Commission imposes a model code of conduct on the Government in power, and the casualty is the GOVERNANCE. If we need to come out of this, then we need to have a simultaneous election through out the country at one point of time, so that the balance period, Governments can concentrate on Governance. 
0 0 First of all, the seats/constituencies, etc. should be redefined to have the correct representation of the population as on date. Secondly, elections should not just be simultaneous but a single one - state government should be a subset of the union government. In other words, just like the state government represents its population, the central government should represent the state government in terms of parties, seats, etc. 
0 0 right to recall lagu kroge tbhi election ka fayda ha 
0 0 It will be very efficient to organise elections nationwide. Doing so will keep all states/nominations busy and there will be less transfer of disturbances across states. This will bring a clear picture of the country avoiding change in mindset of elector based on exit polls/analysis. However, this needs all the machinery to work in tandem while maintaining the law and order situation under control. Electronic and biometric (iris) verification must be made compulsory. All the best! 
0 0 I want to also propose that the Aadhar Card linked online voting system, as an option, should be thought of by submiting their thumb impression one can vote so that we can reduce poll irregularities 
0 0 simultaneous elections are good but have to take bold decisions, such as what if a state/cent govt. fall short of members to run the government,like other issues are to be addressed 
0 0 Simultaneous election will be good for people as the politicians have much time to serve,without working much on elections. 
0 0 फिर तो आज के डिलीवरी बॉय कल के भिखारी हो जायेंगे ? क्योंकि E COMMERCE ड्रोन से डिलीवरी करेगी , ड्राईवरलेस टैक्सी चलेंगी ? क्या करेंगे आप मोदी सर ? भविष्य की प्लानिंग शेयर कीजिये 
0 0 अभी ज्वेलर्स की हड़ताल हुई थी , इतनी लम्बी हड़ताल में कोई भी सरकार का नुमाइंदा व्यापारियों से मिलने या आश्वाशन देने नहीं गया और कुछ ख़बरें आईं थी कि जेटली साहब से मिलने गए व्यापारियों के प्रतिनिधि मंडल को जेटली साहब ने बैठने को भी नहीं कहा था औए बड़ी बदतमीजी से पेश आये थे ....कोई बात नहीं जब सत्ता सर पे चढ़ जाती है तो ऐसा ही होता है ...दुनिया भर से खबरे आ रही हैं कि टेक्नोलॉजी के इस्तेमाल के कारन लगभग 60प्रतिशत लोग बेरोजगार होने वाले हैं ....और इन्हें बेरोजगार करने वाले आपके पूंजीपति ही होंगे 
0 0 1. Certainly. Conducting all elections together will be good and a welcome change. Despite the associated problems, this move would save lots of public money and problems, and i wish the EC  would be able to come up with a practical solution soon. 2. I want to also propose that the Aadhar Card linked online voting system, as an option, should be thought of. This would further help, though initially the % population who opt for such thing would be low, due to illiteracy 
1 0 All elections - Parliament, all state assemblies, municipal corporations, gram panchayats should be together at one go. so that govt and all these bodies can function. because of some or other elections going on all the times across country, govt and these bodies are not able to take decision. 
0 0 हमारा माल अंतर्राष्ट्रीय स्तर पर बेचने के लिए चाइना की तरह मदद कीजिये , e commerce पे लक्ज़री टैक्स लगाइए फिर देखिये क्या होता है ? अम्बानी , अडानी केवल पार्टी को करोंड़ो अरबों का चंदा दे सकते हैं और हमको नौकर बना सकते हैं लेकिन कितने लोग रोज़गार पाएंगे ? 
0 0 MRP से ऊपर बेचना ही गुनाह है लेकिन MRP से इत्ता सस्ता और सब्सिडी देकर बेचना भी तो गुनाह बनाइये , जो माल हमारी खरीद से भी सस्ता बिक रहा है E COMMERCE पर वो कैसे बिक रहा है ?OLA ,UBER जैसी कम्पनीज लाखों टैक्सी ड्राइवर्स को आत्महत्या को मजबूर करेंगी तब क्या होगा ? लेकिन जो सरकार किसानो के मरने पर नहीं सुनती वो हमारे लिए क्या सुनेगी ?क्या किया है आजतक आपने हमारे लिए ? MAKE IN INDIA ? क्या है ये ? कहाँ बेचेंगे हम अपना माल ? आप चाइना से मुकाबला करेंगे ? चाइना जैसा माहौल दीजिये , हमारा सपोर्ट कीजिये , 
0 0 Holding Simultaneous Election is a very feasible thing in a country like India.The problem is we have to deploy lot of security forces to see the smooth conduction of the Election. Providing a proper security to control to a large extent of people  in various regions takes  proper planning. The better thing is to automate the entire process even that has problem because Digital Literacy is not 100% in India. We can conduct election in two phases not on the same day which is quite feasible. 
1 0 Completely Agree with the idea. this will lead us to save time and huge cost of the government machinery, decrease crime rate and boost governance. 
0 0 Agree. Because my Taxed money now will be saved and will be used for other development works. 
1 0 WE will definitely benefit from simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and vidhan Sabha and after one cycle, we should go in for local body elections also along side. The massive manpower required for this effort can be augmented by volunteers from senior citizens, home makers and students. Token amounts can be paid if needed to encourage participation. But first we need to make donations to political parties transparent and prevent criminals fro contesting(even those under trial). I am sure to 
0 0 PM sir, अभी तक आपकी जितनी भी योजनायें आईं हैं उनके बारे में अधिकांश को पता ही नहीं है ,लोगों को ये भी पता नहीं है कि उनका भविष्य क्या है ? बेरोज़गारी बढ़ रही है लेकिन आपकी पालिसी अमीरों को और अमीर बना रही है .....दुकाने बंद हो रही हैं लेकिन e commerce का बाज़ार बढ़ रहा है लाखों लोगों की रोटी केवल कुछ परिवारों में बंट रही है , जिनके पास पूँजी है वो छोटों को खा जा रहे हैं ....क्या करें हम ? अपनी दूकान बंद करें ? और जाकर big bazaar , flipcart ,snapdeal ,amazon में डिलीवरी बॉय की नौकरी करें ? 
0 0 I am agree with the idea. It saves lots of time and efforts. As our teachers/lecturers are on duty of for each different election. So their time and effort requires much more. If both election are simultaneous time and efforts are reduced. Even from public point of view, they have to go only once for voting.So their time are also saved. So many people in India are not going for voting due to different elections.They either go to Loksabha election or goto Vidhan Sabha election. 
0 0 For holding simultaneous election, i will go a step further that this present charges/counter charges on surgical strikes would not have happened if there were no elections in 5 states in coming months.For short term political gains, howsoever sensitive the case may be as that of national unity against pakistan,some consider bashing PM Modi as means of winning votes from a certain community. Had there been no elections in near future,reaction of opposition parties would have been very different 
0 0 The suggestion is good but as far as the security force is concerned they will be more burdened with tension and I feel it is not practical. 
0 0 Today we need to change our election procedure . Because full year our political party was busy in different different state its also every politician need to doing these things if we do simultaneous election then our leader can focus 4 year easily so I think all party support it. 
0 0 Completely Agree with the idea. this will lead us to save time and huge cost of the government machinery, But it should require Great awareness campaign to Educate people for it 
0 0 it will top class action by which country can save to much money 
0 0 Its my opinion that simultaneous elections is the need of the hour. It will help the government to come out of election / campaign mindset and will enable taking of decisions and initiative which cant be taken due to populist consideration when election is around. currently, election is happening in one or the other state resulting in populist measures becoming highlight of election rather than development agenda. Saving of costs etc will be added advantages.. 
0 0 I agree it will also help reduce cost. 
0 0 If Elections contribute to Black Money the number of Elections should be limited to 1 in years. This will take away lot of expenditure on Media and promotions . It will let the governments do their job. 
0 0 I do agree with this. Please implement with immediate effect. 
0 0 My opinion is that simultaneous elections should be held to reduce expenditure, wastage of time, and security measures that needs to be put in. The funds can be more effectively used in developments and uplifting of the rural sector. In case where the serving government comes under pressure to resign midterm, avenues should be searched to facilitate serving government to stay on till the next election to so that frequent floor crossings can be discouraged. 
0 0 Yes, I am completely agree on this subject. Also I would like one point that during election campaign there should be a question and answer should takes place.And election commission should closely monitor about the buy vote for money concept. 
0 0 R.Ramanathan, Scientific Officer (Retd.),BARC, Mumbai. Following is my considered view on the subject of Simultaneous Elections to Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas: 1.Constitutional amendments to Articles 83, 172, 85 and 174 must be carried out to streamline   the process: 2. It is desirable to hold simultaneous elections as a result of which besides the reduced expenditure MPs and MLAs can concentrate on nation-building process and money saved on this method can be used for development work. Also 
0 0 I too agree to go on one shot. 
0 0 Election is Not at all required, becz we are wasting all our efforts, all are going behind money, development and originality is less , we can bring all activities in one roof or governing. 
0 0 Yes simultaneous elections are necessary for saving time and money. It will also allow cleaner politics. And elected govt will have clear 5 years to persue development agenda at national level without botheration of state elections every year 
0 0 It will reduce lot of burden on economy of the country and taxpayers money on multiple election and also there wont hindrance in progress at least for y 5 years. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections must be held  for reasons already expressed in earlier comments. The sooner we do it the better. Yes.  for some states the elected Governments tenure may end prematurely. We have no choice. We tolerated when assemblies were dissolved by the Central Government for wrong reasons. National interest should prevail over regional interest.A strong nation can only protect the States especially at the time of distress or calamities. 
0 0 Yes, to save time, money & energy. 
0 0 YES - So that the negative effect of the Governments and Politicians indulging in unproductive vote attracting activities are reduced to minimum period.  Further, movement of local politicians and thugs will be restricted to their area of operation only. 
0 0 I personally feel yes so that a fresh man will be more careful and take action on immediate basis for example there are thousand real estate companies who are not doing fair business a type of fear should be there in any business which lacks so better to have new people who will try to solve the problems of the previous 
0 0 yes,then only politicians can focus on governance, 
0 0 Yes, we should have simultaneous elections to centre and state with no midterm elections.  Rules for 3 to 4 hierarchy to form head of govt will have to be defined. Constituency also will have fail over candidates elected, in case of demise of elected one. People Know to differentiate between state and central needs. Not more than 3 parties should be allowed to contest. For this,pre electoral primaries may be held. Synergy between state and center may improve instead of petty politics 
0 0 I wish that only two or three party should be there at national and state level for election . Today hundreds of parties have distorted the real meaning of election as the voter is unable to decide to value the neta for his idealistic character and capabilities of governing . I also agree for simultaneous election policy for all states and national 
0 0 It may look like a great idea to hold simultaneous elections at national level as well as state level. In my view, it will create more problems than solutions. Here is the catch, if one party controls the whole nation then the constructive opposition won't exist. This means, we will violate the natural law. Which is evolution between two opposites. I would like to suggest a revolutionary radical idea. The State level elections should be held simultaneously and national elections mid way that. 
0 0 Simoultanous elections are the need of the hour. They will help the citizens understand the current polical situation of the nation and vote depending upon whathe or ahe feels conducive in furthering the centre state relations and smooth functioning. Many states have lost opportunities due to centre state miscommunication and lack of interoperability. Electing both governments in a same political environment will help the newly formed governments mesh together well in implementation of policies. 
0 0 I think at present the biggest employer in India are the netas. At present we have elections round the year in some part or the of the country. This is draining  the exchequer as well as wasting a lot of quality time of the masses. So IT IS NOT ONLY DESIRABLE BUT ESSENTIAL TO HAVE ELECTIONS ONLY ONCE IN FIVE YEARS OF ALL THREE TIERS OF GOVERNMENT.Further in view of the fact that netas who nothing about the subject are given authority for final decision making on the subject which is undesirablle 
0 0 In my opinion its fully not possible,because All govts will not run five years.if any state or central govt collapses in between five years it will creates constitutional crisis. The possible thing is we can conduct simultanious elections for the states which are going to be election within a year before or after one year of Lokh sabha election. 
0 0 It is a matter of national importance.In my views it would be the greatest change after independence in our country.But for that we have to take all parties into consideration and that is going to difficult because there are reasional parties which are not going to be ready for that.Because we well no that they work for their own interest not for country.so I would hope from my people's prime minister that he would take this decision as early as possible. 
0 0 It's definitely a good idea, but there r many challenges, like, to conduct general n state assembly elections it could become very huge task to carry out as logistics will b doubled, security concerns as hostage situations by naxalites n militants in certain part of our country. Next one is, there would arise a certain time where there will b a vacuum period of no (political) govt, n that period can be exploited by neighbouring countries n insurgents. 
1 0 All election of india that Panchayat to Parliament will held same day it is beneficial in many ways like money,time and security.one day our Prime Minister Shree Narendrabhai Modi Saheb was Chief Minister of that time he was express his views on this matter.I m really proud for this topic.. 
0 0 I hope it's a ery good idea to save public money and time government are taking more elections and loss huge money in elections I request you please enclosed village or Gram Panchayat elections in this simulation Election 
0 0 Yes absolutely. All elections in India should be done within a period of six months to one year. In fact we can follow a model where state elections are held first and then the assembly election. Due to dispersed time frame of elections, the political parties are in a continuous slug fest and there is very little focus on actual work. As a citizen it is extremely irritating when instead of discussing about development and other issues we waste time on maligning other individuals. 
0 0 It will not save time, energy and money of government and public but will also allow government machinery to focus more on actual issues instead of election campaigns. 1) Casting vote should be allowed used aadhar card from any place in the country since many people migrate from their birth place. 2) We should have option of online voting also for NRI's. 3) Registration of new voters should be very easy. 
0 0 Simultaneous election is indeed a great idea. However to maintain govt accountability, duration of each govt should be reduced to 3 years where parties should announce their plans as immediate, short and long term. Rather than 50% mark, single largest party should run govt. 
0 0 The situation when we cry of government deficit ₹account & it's presence is a serious cause of concern then this Decision of simultaneity is definitely act as a fund saver mechanism. Why this thought had taken so much time, I never understood! Even one more year with separate elections is a huge loss. 
0 0 In my opinion Period of parliament  election should be 10- years period instead of 5-years. Because of huge amount of money expenses and many other activities of country's development disturbed. Even some good plans announced by the Govt are not completed during the tenure of the Govt and next election reaches and some times Govt not able to see the progress the plans. By saving these election money be utilized for the county;s development. 
1 0 India is second largest democratic country with many states & regional languages. Whilst on above,the people who are Taking part in electing Govt is still below the expected level! The level of participation by eligible voters are also just satisfactory as Politics after 6 decades too did not reflect in good Governance,Despite elected Govt in Centre & States.Govt at centre must Take serious view on educating it's Citizens 2vote compulsorily&then hold LS &Vidhansabhas vote together 
0 0 yes definitely , it will give more time for development. 
1 0 No doubt simultaneously holding elections is the solution for the growth It wil save resources for the country,more coordinated action from states and central governments leading to better utilisation of   Bureaucracy,s time and of all our political leaders 
0 0 Main problem is our system which demand caste system in politics not development. We should replace surnames yadav sharma Patel etc. By FATHER'S first name. Caste system should be vanished. Then we can achieve more better leaders for INDIA WE WANT 100 MODIs in parliament. Then we will become superpower. And all the problems will resolved early as possible. 
0 0 In my opinion, it is very beneficial to hold the simultaneous election. the points are given in attached file. 
0 0 Yes,definately need of the hour 
0 0 Single election single form for sate and central election. municipal elections can be separate. Save money time and resources. Indian voters are wise enough to vote in one attempt and do not need to be brainwashed for each election separately. 
1 0 Times are changing. We have moved on from manual counting of votes to using voting machines. We must move with times. The cost to exchequer needs to be reduced and hence we must try and implement the following - 1. ONE election for Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas 2. Debate on TV and social medis instead of large rallies. and 3. Elecronic system of voting using aadhar cards identifications and login from homes instead of going to booths ( it costs so much to man the booths, cost to EC must reduce) 
0 0 Simultaneous elections is the need of the hour,but it is a complex issue .Every pros and cons should be looked upon. It would save lot of money.Nothing tobworry about code of conduct all the time for govts.Corrupt practises will decrease. 
0 0 Yes,definately. 
0 0 Need all election at a time. It will help us too. 
1 0 Along with #SimultaneousElections we can also have a strict, transparent, honest online system to sit at home, log in with Adhaar and cast your vote and the counting will go simultaneously, declaring the results then and there. Time, Money, Democracy everything will be enriched and become marvellously efficient. Well you can calculate it's pros and cons and work with them before implementation. Proud to see the citizen-govt engagement. Will be proud if the citizens are literally heard. 
0 0 -ves: 1.Maintaining integrity of both the elections at the same time is difficult for ECI. And when its over ,there in not much for them to do in the next 5 yrs. 2.When there is a dissolution of LS/SLA itself ,the new elected MPs/MLAs will get a reduced tenure,if we have to maintain the schedule. 3.When politicians know that the next election is only after 5 years, they tend to work only in the 4th & 5th year. 4.State govts without the support of the centre are affected-a blow to federalism. 
0 0 +ves: 1.People are motivated to come and vote for sure ,as it's only once in five years. 2.Governments can focus on policies without fearing code of conduct everytime  there is an election. 
0 0 Definitely. Democracy is still young and can be enhanced more with constructive ideas. #SimultaneousElections can save the time of #ElectionCommission , #MyGov and the voters and may be a lot of money also. It can also reduce "corruption" involved in elections at different times, proving to be another way of controlling corruption. It will also add to transparency. Overall, I think #SimultaneousElections will make democracy healthier and will be a good lesson of it to the world from India. 
0 0 MLA and MP elections should be held on same day. Voting period may be extended to 2 days from 1 day in present situation. More the elections more is encouragement to  corruption at all levels. 
0 0 It will reduce time and money for #ElectionCommission So, I support it. 
0 0 yes. it ia a correct way of elections 
0 0 No doubt it saves a lot to the govt exchequer, it may have to done in a phase-wise manner while providing more security in the sensitive & riot-prone areas. 
0 0 no problem to the public, please make necessary amendments to do simultaneous elections. but do our election commission has such infrastructure to conduct simultaneous election? lot of saving will be there of manpower, security, above all money. 
0 0 If political parties are agree, There has no concern of public. Who can make this happen. Only political parties,for their own benefit may not agree but its a good iniavities by govt. Must be disused in Parliament and pass this resolution and implemented immediately. Now No election. Only election in 2019. 
0 0 Yes. If we have simultaneous elections, the expenses will come down heavily and the voting will not be affected by the results of other elections. 
2 0 In case any state assembly is dismissed in the middle of it's tenure, for any reason, state election should be held for the balance period of assembly, only, and not for 5 years, just like mid term poll for any seat is done. If this period is less than one year, president rule may be imposed in that state and finally elections should be done along with the Center. 
0 0 This may also provide same govt. in state and center, of course not always necessary, but if it happens, it will be easy for the Govt. to pass any bills easily from both the houses and do smooth work in states as well as in center. 
1 0 This has been my dream since 1984. I could not post my views and there was none to listen public view till now. This is really a very good initiative if approved by the cabinet. This will not only reduce the Govt. Expenses but also expenses done by the parties on each election. This will also save time and money spent on the employees engaged for election every now and then and also reduce their mental disturbance of doing election duty, for which most of them are reluctant to do. 
1 0 Simultaneous elections to the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas will save money and also allow people to come out to vote once rather than several times. This will be an incentive to make sure people come out to vote at one time. Secondly, would we also want to hold municipal and other lower level elections at the same time, or would those continue to be as per a separate schedule or time line? 
0 1 is this the way to train indian army? we should proud to be indian to to be shamed by watching this video mr.modi ji 
1 0 It is indeed a very good initiative. We can reduce the budget expenditure on the elections and also save enormous time. This is going to help the Election commission in easier administration of elections and quicker completion of tasks. All we need to do is to ensure that we identify the right candidate for the right seat for which the election commission has to take more steps for ensuring this point. It is to avoid confusion in voting for elderly people. 
0 0 Yes. 
1 0 the simultaneous elections to parliament as well as to assembly are most important,and without much delay suitable amendments to election laws may be introduced in the parlament 
3 0 Yes , There is big requirement of time that the election will held simultaneously in Lok Sabha as well as in Vidhansabha 
0 0 In the Election,  UID card should be used those having UID card they will elect in election.  Finger print should be valid if your name having in UID Server for this location. 
1 0 #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov Below attached are my views. 
1 0 #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov I think that nothing is worth unless and untill there is a fear of being recalled so here i would like mention that there should be roght to recall option be it goverment or goverment department or be it a goverment job.This will constantly keep fear in people in power that if they don't do their work properly they will be recalled by people,apart holding election at the same time is good because this will save time,money and will ensure more 
0 0 India is largest democratic country in the World.So my view is in the faviour of simultaneous Election.,due to this so many thing are done only one time. 
0 0 whenever i am listening your speech  you always mentioned that next upcoming two year new election will come , India is next silicon valley, so many IT industry are here , so you have lots of option to conduct election by manually as well as by technology so why you are not introducing it, through this way people can get more chance to involve in election and can elect through own choice . I think it is helpful for you. 
0 0 It is getting late for this service so we must implement it as soon as possible it will be tough to maintain security and peace all over country specially in sensitive regions but if we can,however,do this it will provide a better opportunity to grow faster than fast. 
0 0 There should be simultaneous election throughout India, for Parliament and state legislatures. It will help to save a great deal of money otherwise lost by holding intermittent elections. Help State machinery from being over burdened. It will boost our unitary nature of polity as well as federal character by roping in States too. 
0 0 jai subhash jai bhim jai mahatama. 
0 0 INDIA is a vast but democratic country so Elections are very necessary.But there are so many problems in your system one of them is Elections holding policy.I think that Elections should Be held at the same time in all over the country it will Be useful in term of money and time also.Unauthorized voting will also stop. So in my view Elections should Be held at the same time in all over the country. Thanks,, 
0 0 रहे। ये सोचना कि सभी वोटर को सरकारी नौकरी कैसे दे कितना सैलरी दे। ये सरकार का काम है। राज्य करमचारी , केंद्र कर्मचारी में सैलरी में अंतर क्यों है। काम बराबर तो सैलरी बराबर होना चाहिए। अभी हरयाणा राज्य का चुनाव में राज नाथ ने बोला कि १० पास बेरोजगार को ६००० रुपई बेरोजगारी भत्ता व् ग्रेजुएट पास को ९००० रूपये महीने बेरोजगारी भत्ता देंगे। मैंने आर टी आई में पूछा तो लिखित जबाब आया की चुनाव जुमला था। कहीँ लिख के नहीं दिया था। 
0 0 निश्चित है। मंदिर मस्जिद गुरुद्वारे व् धर्म में मत बाटो। तुम कैसे नेता हो जो गाड़ी में चलते हो। तुम्हारे सामने ही मैला कुचैला आदमी कुछ रूपये कमाने के लिए भटकता रहता है। मोदी, अरविन्द ,अखिलेश ,ममता , आडवाणी, हमें हमारा देश सेवा का मौका दे दो। क्यों कि समय बदल गया है। हम स्वतंत्र है हम आप के सत्ता में नहीं रहेंगे। आप का हम वहिष्कार कर देंगे। भारत देश का नाम ऊचा हो पर हम गरीबी में क्यों जिए और मरे। हमारा क्या कसूर है। हमारा जन्म भारत देश की भूम पर हुआ और जन्म से मिर्तु तक दो दो रूपये के लिए भटकते रह 
0 0 चाहे पढ़े लिखे हो चाहे अनपढ़ सब भारत वासी को सरकारी नौकरी करने व् पाने का अधिकार है। भारतीय संविधान किसी आदमी ने बनाया है। उस में सरकार अपने अधिकार को संरंछित करने के लिए संसोधन कर लेती है। तो क्यों आज का गरीब गरीब ही रहे। भारत के हर वोटर को अमीर बनने का हक़ है। यदि सरकार सभी को नौकरी नहीं देगी तो सभी नेताओं के यहाँ छीना झपटी व् चोरी हो गी. इतिहास गवाह है। राजा हमेसा चोर ही होता है। हमारे भारत के नेताओ जागो। अपनी सैलरी भत्ता छोड़ो। और सभी वोटर को सरकारी नौकरी दे दो। नहीं तो तुम्हे नरक में जाना निश्च 
0 0 हम गरीबो को नौकरी चाहिए। हमारी पीढ़ी दर पीढ़ी गरीबी में चली आ रही है। हम वोट देते है और सोचते है कि नई सरकार हमारे बच्चों को नौकरी दे गी पर हम गलत थे सरकार हमेशा अपना भला ही देखती है। जब हम प्रतेक घर से वोट देने जाते है तो क्यों नहीं प्रतेक घर से कम से कम एक आदमी को सरकारी नौकरी नहीं मिलती। हम नहीं समझते की हम सब में कमी है। कमी तो सरकार बनाने व् चलाने वालों में है आज तक कि सभी सरकारों में खोट है। हम सब कब तक सरकार के बहकाओ में आते रहे गए। बिन रुपया पैसा के जिंदगी बेबस आत्मा की शरीर है। चाहे पढ़े ल 
0 0 Holding of Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sanaha Elections at same time is a very good idea. It will save lot of national money, save time, save recurrent headache for election commission, save headache for politicians etc. But whether it is Practically Possible or not, it can be decided by the Expert Committee only. They have to gather all facts and then analyze every thing carefully and them they have to come to conclusion. The Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha term can be cut short due to many factors. 
0 0 एक साथ चुनाव होने से देश को बेहद फायदा पहुचेगा इससे फर्जी वोटिंग में लगाम लगायी जा सकेगी और एक ही खर्चे में दोनों चुनाव हो जायेंगे और देश का समय बचेगा और इसके द्वारा चुन कर जो भी सत्ता में आयेगा उसमे बहुत कम प्रतिशत ही होगा कि नेता गलत तरीको का फायदा ले कर सत्तासीन हुआ हो I 
0 0 Since the elections are happening every now and then, the politicians are visiting their constituencies often. If the elections were held together, then the politicians will come and meet the people once in every five years only. Therefore, it is advisable to keep the central and state elections separate from each other. Still, there are a few states where the elections are held at the same time as the Lok Sabha elections like Andhra Pradesh, Sikkim, Haryana, etc. 
0 0 After 1970s there was an emergence of various regional parties. So, if both the elections held together there will be a dilemma in the mind of voters in finding the difference between national and regional parties in terms of roles, responsibilities and expectations. 
0 0 Even though president rule can be incorporated it can't last more than six months as per the constitution of India. If this period needs to be increased, then the constitution should be amended which is not possible in the current scenario. If it was amended then it will change the basic structure of constitution from parliamentary system of government to temporary presidential form of government in certain occasions. 
0 0 Indian constitution authorizes the ruling party to be in power for 5 years provided if they have majority. So, if a party loses it's majority before it's 5 year tenure, then there is a big question that who will rule the assembly till next elections. So my take is that Simultaneous elections is a much arduous task. Though it is not possible to conduct the elections simultaneously, if it is implemented the cost involved in conducting elections will drastically reduce. 
0 0 to stop the simultaneous elections we must divide india into region and after dividing (recommended 5 region).In every year the election of one region should be done( it should include panchayats and corporations eclection) 
0 0 This is right option due to this nobody jump in every party where he found profit. As well as i think do not give chance more than two time to candidate as well as who have criminal record 
1 0 Dear sir,coducting election to state and central together is a very good idea.if our country is having only two parties like US ,it will be practically easier.where as we have many political parties and encouraging individual candidates also.so practically it is impossible to conduct election together.people will get confuse , especially village and illitrate people.election commission will face the difficulty to conduct the election. 
1 0 Voting must be with finger print machine so that cheating may be avoided.... Government have a data of adhar card so it may be easy. 
1 0 I am in favour of simultaneous elections for lok sabha and Vidhan sabha. Nagar Nigam and pantayat elections are to specific in nature and should be done separately. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister , Sir would like to say here something , which i felt to share with you...we have many states,many languages, different culture, mulit religious society, many different opinion, many parties, regional ,national & our economy is also emerging in the world, just its becaus of expenditure, cost...we should not decide in hurry...we should have more inclusive opinion from all sections of the society and respect our constituition,your experience, ideas, opinion is more important. 
0 0 Yes I think both the elections should be conducted simultaneously as it will save time ,money and resources too. 
0 0 We can watch our border(s) more easily with Drones. 
1 0 Conducting simultaneous elections for Loksabha and State Assemblies is the best option in my view. By this the expenditure wouldn't be increased much  and public will be willing to poll votes because of State election and Central election. 
0 0 we all must follow constitution and remember citizen's verdict should take place in an open debate both in Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha. 
0 0 Plz take these 3 cmnt seriously plz because I have a great hope to you 
0 0 Isse berojgari bhi kam hogi or paisa bhi achi jagah jayega or sbse acha to tab hoga jab ek jagah pr 2 candidates niyukt kiye jaye or dono ko apas me pta na rhe ek dusre k bare me isse unki reports k anusar unke kam ka bhi pta chal jayega or ye 2no hi curropt nhi ho payege 
0 0 Ya usse bina safai liye kisi uchit neta ko vo pad dedo sbhi jankariyo k liye kuch sarkari guptchar rkho har chhetra me jo apko vha ki har jankari de sake inka ek interview rkho or skill k according select krdo jse hmare raw agent h bilkul vaise hi inhe training do inko undercover rkho jisse ye aam aadmi banke apna kam krte rhe. Desh ki aantrik svachchhta ke liye itna krdo tab bnega Swachh Bharat Samraddh Bharat 
0 0 Loksabha or vidhan sabha ke chunav pratyashiyo se party pratinidhi ko khud personally milkar ya fir uske bare me jankari lekar hi ticket dena chahiye isse party ke gunde neta (sorry for this word but it is best ) khatam ho jayege or party ki chhavi bhi khrab nhi hogi or chunav jaise bhi krao pr monthly ya half yearly chote se chote neta se report lete rho kitna krvaya or kya krvaya apne chhetra se. Or jis neta ke chhetra me gunda gardi ya apradh jyada aarhe ho use ya to sari permission dedo. 
0 0 Loksabha aur vidhansabha dono ka chunav ek sath hona chahiye  kyuki aisa hone se hum apne desh ka paisa aur time dono bacha payenge.sath hi sath ek sath election hone se voting percentage me v badhotari hogi.. 
0 0 Sabhi  chunav  ek  sath  hone  chaiye. Time  Aur  Rupyo  ki bchat  hogi. 
0 0 Respected sir I agree with state simultaneously election for center and state because some times voter have become influenced with the result of other state.Existing procedure for election keeps ud busy throughout the year as well as govt machinery. In simultaneously election no one can influenced the voter wrongly. Moreover we will be busy only for two months out of five years in simultaneously election system.Existing procedure keep the busy all government and machinery throughout the year. 
0 0 From my point of view, simultaneous elections will influence the pattern in which a citizen of country is voting for selecting his state and central government representativies. Regional preferences is a major concern during state elections, whereas its not a major concern during central elections. If we conduct simultaneous elections, the freedom of thinking with respect to a citizens preference will get affected and this has shown in multiple instances in India. Its better to have seperate. 
1 0 On My view simultaneous election is not good for democracy,because i think its create confusion in the mind of rural people.I write it because i have seen it very closely. here I post only one incident"On last general election i had in my village,there 80% of people were wanting for Modiji as our PM.And also BJD for our Assembly Election.But when Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha election held simultaneously in our area.The innocent peoples push the button BJD instead of BJP whom they like very much. 
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, I HAVE WORKED FOR 7 YEARS IN SRM UNIVERSITY DELHI CAMPUS. I HAVE APPLIED FOR GRATUITY THROUGH MHRD. CASE IS UNDER REGISTRAR ARM UNIVERSITY. BUT THEY ARE NOT RESPONDING. IT IS URGENT FOR ME. PLEASE SOLVE MY PROBLEM. menareshbansal@gmail.com 
0 0 It will save money and will be very important step for democracy. 
0 0 Please find the PDF for critical evaluation on this topics... 
1 0 Not Mapping me in company so it is very difficult me to survived my family so kindly do needful to save my family life. Presently they have map some employees but they have not considered me . Waiting for your positive reply as soon as possible. Yours sincerely, Jayesh Jaysukhlal Joshi Ambuja Cement Ltd., Ambujanagar Kodinar,Pin:362715 Gujarat Mobile:09275246479 E-Mail Id: Jayesh.joshi020774@gmail.com 
0 0 This scheme is very suitable to those employees who have remaining three to four years service Remaining . They have called me to adopt V.R.S. Scheme by Giving me three years gross salary,I couldn`t accept this scheme because I have remaining 18 yrs.Service& I have responsibility of my Parents, my wife, one son & Two daughter so i had refuses this scheme , Now The management of AMBUJA CEMENT didn`t Giving me any type of work,& they are not giving me any type of Increment since last TWO YRS. 
0 0 Honourable  Sir, JAY SHREE KRISHNA SIR. I,Jayesh jaysukhlal joshi working with Ambuja cement Ltd., Ambujanagar ,KODINAR Since 13th July 1996 to earn our bread & butter with sacrifices our best work for this company`s development as a result Ambuja Cement Ltd., merged with HOLCIM CEMENT Group and then with LAFARGE CEMENT Group resulted in LAFARGEHOLCIM Cement Group . This new multinational group has started AMBUJA CEMENT VOLUNTARY RETIREMENT SCHEME FOR MANAGEMENT GROUP. 
0 0 I am phasing mentally & socially harassment by Ambuja Cement to adopt V.R.S.Scheme forcefully , they are not mapping me,Not giving me any increment since last two years, Not giving me any work so kindly do needful to save my family life positively. with kind regards& thanks. Jayesh J. Joshi,Ambuja Cement,Ambujanagar,Kodinar ,Dist: Gir Somnath, mobile: 9275246479, Email: jayesh.joshi020774@gmail.com . 
0 0 Assembly & Loksabha elections must be conducted at a time will be time saving.The advantages are. 1)Our country money will be save. 2)All time election tension will be decrease. 3)all five years government must work efficiently with time saving. 4)political party could easily focus on progress activity. 
0 0 Conducting simultaneous elections would be beneficial. Views are attached as pdf document. 
0 0 विधान सभा और लोक सभा के elections साथ में लेना ये देश के लिये बहुत फायदेमंद रहेगा.क्यू की, १. इससे देश का पैसा बचेगा. २. देश में राहानेवला all time election tension कम हो जायेगा. ३. पुरे पाच साल सरकार देश के प्रगती के लियेही काम कर सकेगी, इसमे आचारसंहिता का बाध काम आयेगा. ४. लोग राष्ट्रीय एवं प्रांतिक मुद्दोका सही मिलन कर के मतदान कर सकेगी. ५. राजकीय पक्ष का काम भी थोडा हलका हो जायेगा. ६. राजकीय पक्ष के कार्यकर्ता अपने व्यवसाय- नोकरी पे जादा समय ध्यान दे सकेंगे. contd..#MyGov 
0 0 Government should take proper,necessary steps regarding elections such as(MP,MLA,MAYOR and COUNSILOR) simultaneously. It requires amendments modification.And major thing is that Nobody will not submit candidate application in Election Commission Office at any cost if candidates were accused/faulty. 
0 0 Regarding simultaneous elections, a fixed period should be decided to conduct elections after every 5 yrs. even if the Loksabha or any Vidhansabha is dissolved during 5 yrs time, the have to conduct elections on prescribed time even if the don't complete tenure of 5 yrs. 
0 0 To make Govt policies and initiative effective without any distraction of state level policies which take precedence because of elections of various states at various times of the tenure of the central govt., it is the need of the hour to have simultaneous elections at national and state level simultaneously. Now a days with so much exposure to information through digitisation and social sources, electorate are smart enough to decide on whom to vote at national level and whom to vote at state. 
1 0 sir i am 23 years old ineed do some thing for our country ,but gov is not supporting common people like me,i need to give you one suggestion sir, that central gov is giving fund to state gov,but it is not utilizing properly,there are many scams in state gov,so as per my point of view  there should be comity to check the  state gov expenditure on projects like dams,bridges,metro and other,then in this way we can control scams in state government 
0 0 Holding SimultaneousElections is very much desirable -see file attached 
0 0 Sir similar to the give it up in the case of LPG subsidies it can be extended in the case of BPL cards.there are several persons who are Above Poverty line included in BPL List.Such persons shall voluntarly surrender their BPL cards and opt for APL voluntarly. 
0 0 Attaching my thoughts on this topic in a PDF file. The text allowed is very less to put in proper detailed points 
0 0 First amend the constitution in which members of Raj Sabha be elected by people directly.These Members should not elected by Lok sabha because  members of Raj Sabha are being nominated who have no interest in Raj sabha , they are only take oath to take privileges and salary from the govt.Fix B.A. Minimum education qualification for them. The person involved in crime or any case either criminal or any FIR of criminal nature was registered in Police should not be allowed for any election. 
0 0 First amend the constitution in which members of Raj Sabha be elected by people directly,not by members of Lok sabha because  members of Raj Sabha are being nominated who have no interest in Raj sabha, they are only take oath to take privileges and salary from the govt.There should be education qualification of Raj sabha members.The person who was involved in crime or any case either criminal or any FIR of criminal nature was registered in Police station should not be allowed for any election. 
0 0 It is indeed a fantastic idea to hold all elections at one time....It would of course require tremendous planning & execution but i am confident our country's election commission is capable to conduct it. It is result in huge cost & productivity savings. 
0 0 Yes, this is a very good proposal to hold election - both Assembles and Parliament at a time. It will at least curtail huge expenditure. Efforts should, therefore, be made in such a way. 
0 0 #MyGov: Assembly elections which are due one year before / after parliament election may be merged with it. If due to any reason a state govt. falls, governor will explore all means to form an alternate govt. However, if it is not possible, the state will be under President rule till the assembly complete its term. A good governor sometimes, can rule better than an elected CM. It can solve a part of the problem. But what if central govt. falls & alternate party / alliance not able to form govt.? 
0 0 Simultaneous elections are definitely desirable. Some of the benefits not discussed until now are; a. It would facilitate establish the Govt. of same party at both the places; Centre & State. b. The probability of having different political parties in Centre and State would reduce. c. The 'a & b' would lead to additional financial benefit in the form of faster & better implementation of centre's Policies & schemes; e.g. GST kind of issues can be resolved much better & faster. 
0 0 Simultaneous Election greatest advantage are 1. One nation one agenda for one political party. 2. Integration of national goal with several state level agenda a must for every political party before taking this initiated system and resources must be in place and able to handle micro level problem. you can do it but require preparedness for atleast 5 to 10 years. Sow the seed now for getting the benefit in future. 
0 0 Simultaneous Election greatest advantage are 1. One nation one agenda for one political party. 2. Integration of national goal with several state level agenda a must for political party 3. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections are desirable. Will result in saving of time effort money and resources. The elected government can fully focus on governance. To synchronise the first joint election the terms of existing governments could be extended or truncated as a one time measure after giving a minimum tenure of three years to the most recently elected government. The tenure should be for five years. No by-elections and joint care taker govt or presidential rule imposed if ruling party 
0 0 now you are conducting all programmes are very good and very interesting,  but to day every money transaction trough bank this is very good but bank branches are not develop the facilities  hues transaction are daily happened, increase the equipment and facilities 
0 0 Simlultaneous elections are good for the country. It not only saves time but also money. Often I quote that We in India can go for digital voting system and should be a role model for the entire globe regarding the election process. What is digital voting, how can we go ahead with it, what would be be process and how can we secure and secret voting be ensure . for which can hold a brainstorming session with experts. If have doubt can contact the experts in this field. Digital election 
0 0 PLAN THE SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION SYSTEM ONE TIME AND RUN LIFE TIME THIS IS MY IDEA 
1 0 There are various technical difficulties shows in various newspaper regarding the simultaneous election for LS & state assemblies. My suggestions. 1. In case of hung assembly just after the election, re-election to be held within 3 months. 2. If coalition govt is broke-down in the mid way then Governor would be the real head for rest of the tenure. 3. For initialization of simultaneous election, apply President rule in all those states after the completion of their resp. govt. tenure till LS. 
0 0 i expect all candidate must  have good record in society and no charge in crime case 
0 0 Simultaneous Election needed for better governance,for better selection MP or MLAs by the people for the people . I want to say myself ....I  Bishnu Shao from 40 no sorbhog assembly constituency of Assam .  Graduate unemployed belongs poor family . Working As a Booth level worker of Great Bjp in our village. History teaches us that men & nationsonly behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives. I want to say . What For Booth level worker's    in our Bjp govt led by Modi ji 
0 0 In Our Holy Cross Convent School,Pipliya Mandi, dist. Mandsaur M.P. We are Celebrated Gandhi Jaynti and also Swach Bhart Abhiyan in our school. 
0 0 I think simultaneous elections should be held.In the present scenario the parties are always engaged in the circle of elections and their focus shifts from important issues. 
0 0 it is very nessarery all the time our decision making leadership is engaged in addressing rallies critising each other .ACHAR SAHINTA is imposed blocking development work and admn became stxndstill. in general it is public suffer crore of rupees wasted in scattered elections 
0 0 DEAR MODI JI MY IDEAS ABOUT SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION SYSTEM FOR ALL OVER THE WORLD WIDE LIVING INDIANS NOT ONLY INDIANS 
0 0 Its a great idea to held elections simultaneously but will thus elected governments sustain till next general elections is a big question.if they then it would be best nd also saves crores of money  and can be directed for welfare programmes 
0 0 स्थानीय स्तर पर किसानों से परिचर्चा कर कृषि योजनाये बनाई अधिक लाभ होगा 
1 0 Need of the hour is to seriously think over this idea. It should be brought into national discourse more often. Will save a lot of time and money and hassle for public servants and misuse of state machinery. 
0 0 save time,save money 
1 0 simultaneous elections will be threat to Indian democracy,It will promote authoritarian tendencies and dictatorial government.It will also threat to our pluralistic society.we can not take such risk for saving small amount of money . 
0 0 I THINK THAT MANY OF THE PEOPLE ARE NOT VOTING BECAUSE ELECTION ARE ORGANIZED FREQUENTLY. IT IS NOT POSSIBLE FOR MANY OF THE PEOPLE WHO ARE LIVING OUTSIDE THEIR HOMETOWN FOR STUDY OR FOR JOB. SO IT IS NOT ALWAYS POSSIBLE FOR ALL TO GO TO HOMETOWN FOR EVERY ELECTION. WITH SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS, ALL SHOULD ALSO GET THE RIGHT TO VOTE FROM ANY CORNER OF INDIA. JAI HIND. 
1 0 Hmara manna aisa hai ki agar elections ke booth har gali or moholle me ho to behtar hota h. Kyuki hmne khud dekha h ki kai log to ghar se nikalna hi nahi chahte hai. Jo ki bohot hi sharm ki baat h. Vote dena hamara kartavya hai jisse hme peeche nahi hatna chahiye. Agar hal moholle me eek chota sa poling booth ho to sbh vote denge jisse kaafi farak padega chunav ke nateejon me. 
0 0 Simulatenous elections will be huge cost savings.it will also end the perennial and continuous process of elections all round the year.. will help govt to focus on development agenda. Sobthe present assemblies may be extended to match with central polls..in case of mid term..common govt mau be formed for rest of term... 
0 0 We are celebrating to gandhi jayanti with our respected citizens at kandiwali west and he wants some activities from my government. 
1 0 We at AASHRAY celebrated Swachh Bharat on this day of 2nd October at A-107, Sector 93B, Noida with all our children 
0 0 It is great suggestion, but will also be dangerous. As all our efforts and strengths will be focused on elections, enemies can take chance on border. Alternate we will not be lucky to have strong leader wave . Some time we will also get strong wave of Idiots. So we need to have elections alternately as happening currently. 
0 0 Yes agree for the one election in 5 year. 
0 0 Yes, I do agree on the simultaneous elections but considering the number of states, adoption/execution is very complex. 
0 0 yes i also think that online election app should be considered 
0 0 It is a very good initiative. Simultaneous elections to state assembly and parliament will save lot of effort and resources on the part of election commission and citizens. All can concentrate on development activities once general elections are complete. I strongly support Simultaneous elections. Necessary legislations to be made at the earliest. 
0 0 There should be a comprehensive rules. A chapter for election in India for Central and States to be drawn and adopted in the Constitution of India. There are so many nations having democracy. We must drawn good provisions and experience  from them and discuss it here and a new chapter  adopted in  the Constitution. Only two parties. A High Power commission to be constituted for  drawing election chapter for adopting in the Constitution. 
0 0 Now there are five questions on simultaneous polls in the States and For Lok sabha. Now 68 years are over after independence. So  a new chapter added into constitution. There are so many nations having democracy. We must explore the good provisos. Qualifications, age must be for candidates.The present block,grama and district panchayat to be merged and attached with Village office.No need for Rajya sabha. Elect the Prime Minster directly by the voters. only two parties needed. 
0 0 True 
0 0 yes i am satisfy with ravindra for online election 
2 0 We should think about online elections using a app monitered by election commission, it will be biggest digital India step and drastically will increase voting % also. I think, it will be cheap also. 
1 0 First Things First... 1. Give candidates Campaigning Fund & link them according to there Educational, Political, Social & Economical background. i.e. Not All candidates should get Same Amount, their should be incentives on qualifications earned in each of the above criteria. 2.Any candidate should hold at least five years of experience in serving Ideologies of their respective parties in a post lower than one stage for which he wishes to apply and register his candidature. 
0 0 It will make nation more development foccussed and progressive. 
0 0 Attached my views on this. 
1 0 Latest technology allowing to "Human tapping" like cell phone tapping. This technology available in Police Department. This highly confidential technology using on common men and destroying human rights blundarly. The corrupted police using on common men. 
0 0 Latest technology allowing to "Human tapping" like cell phone tapping. This technology available in Police Department. This highly confidential technology using on common men and destroying human rights blundarly. The corrupted police using on common men. 
0 0 Latest technology allowing to "Human tapping" like cell phone tapping. This technology available in Police Department. This highly confidential technology using on common men and destroying human rights blundarly. The corrupted police using on common men. 
0 0 I am happy that Modi government is performing excellent at major fronts. Government has took bold step to implement 7th pay and implemented gratuity limit from 1st Jan 2016 to Rs20lakh in July 16. This effort of government will be implemented in true spirit only when gratuity act will amended. Kindly instruct MOF to initiate action for amendment in gratuity act. 
0 0 The effort that is enjoined in realization of simultaneous elections is not merely as simple as its appeal is profound but behooves perseverance to be perspicacious and paramount so that the effects of simultaneous elections before and besides serving any interest enriches people and democracy and makes for endurance of constitution. Enumerated attachment’. Regards 
0 0 Sir, ‘Simultaneous elections has allure of appeal to convenience of providing a free compass to politics for a period of its charge but is not bereft of allusions to ineluctable dangers following in its wake. 
0 0 Discussion on Simultaneous Elections 
0 0 श्रीमान मोदी जी आपसे निवेदन हे की देश की, हमारे देश मे अभी भी बोहोत सारे लोग जाती की प्रति इर्षा व्यक्त करते हे ओर हमारा कानून भी उस मे सहभागी हे ... हर जागाह पे जाती भेद नजर आता हे मै तो पुरा प्रयत्न कर राहा हु... अगर हमारे देश मे आपस मे हि लढते रहेंगे तो बोहोत जल्द कामोजोरी की एक मिसाल कायम हो जाएगी... मुझे विश्वास हे की इस बारे मे आप विचार जरूर करेंगे...  धन्यवाद (आपका साधारण समाज सेवक ) 
2 0 Before holding simultaneous elections,we must change this system:- Is it not wrong for a central/state govt job,we have to pass many hurdles and need special educational qualification for every job but to become a election nominee,we do not pass the test like that and he sit at top our administration system which is not perfect for that person?I think while filing nomination a special test should be conduct for every election at all the levels of elections.It help to get a better MANTRI & NETA. 
0 0 Respected sir ,Prime minister ji says student of B.tech meet to sir 
0 0 Very nice day 
0 0 take the decision by your countrymen engaging them by voting on the subject matter 
0 0 Share Your Views...ram ram sir ji sir  aapki sarkar up me ban sakti he agar kam padhe likhe log bina riswat diye yojna ka labh le le sir ek pension banwane ke liye 1000 gram secretry aur 0radham ki manmani band kardo sir jab woh aadhar card derha he to pradhan aur secretry ki sign ki kya zroorat 
0 0 1.Yes, simultaneous elections should be held in our country because that will help in faster progress of the country. 2.Next election with new scheme should be held after 5 years from the date of formation of government where elections were held at last. 3.Yes, the term should be fixed as 5 years is enough for any government to transform the state or country. 4.By-election can have two options- either presidential rule can be imposed or immediate elections for the particular. 5.Same as above 
1 0 I do have a suggestion for election commission,  please do introduce a negative vote option in EVM, it will be like negative marking in the exams, if any citizen do not find any suitable candidate to vote for, he/she can choose the worst among them. final votes will be counted as (Positive votes - negative votes). A red button for this negative vote and a green one for positive vote must be introduced in EVM. This will improve the system, people will have choice for rejection of any candidate. 
0 0 श्री माेदी जी अापसे िनवेदन करना चाहता हॅू िक देश्ा में गायाें की हालत काफी दयनीय है। गायाें की दश्ाा सुध्ाारने के िलये एक अच्छा उपाय यह है िक हर गाम पंचायत एक गउशाला ख्ाुलवाने की िकरपा करें। 
0 0 kya security rizens se news chenal par  Hamari Border ka ripoting dikhana thik hai. ?????? kya hamare bankar, or miletry ki pojisan dikhani nahi chahiye? hamari Media par koe restriction kab hoga ? fir wo electronic media ho ya print media ? 
0 0 Simultaneous election is not feasible as there may be circumstances for dissolution of Assembly etc. The more often the citizen has a say in the running of the State or Country, the more democratic is the procedure. 
0 1 Latest technology allowing to "Human tapping" like cell phone tapping. This technology available in Police Department.  This highly confidential technology using on common men and destroying human rights blundarly.  The corrupted police using on common men. 
0 0 India successfully complete a Surgical operations, thanks to MP Modiji to do Surgical Operation. But This news should not disclose to public or media. Do more and more Surgical operations and finish Pakistani terrorist including Kill hafiz saeed,then disclose news. 
0 0 My answer is big No. It will only complicate the matter. My detailed view is attached. ram sharan 
1 0 श्री मान जी, यह एक बहुत अच्छा विचार है, परंतु महोदय चुनावो में निष्पक्षता और सभी का वोट देने की स्वतन्त्रता एवं अनिवार्यता भी जरूरी है। मै ऐसे कई गाँव जानता हूँ और स्वम् मेरे गांव में भी जबरदस्ती वोट डाले जाते है, मुझे लगता है इससे एक स्वच्छ सरकार नही बनती है। और ना ही ऐसी सरकारे विकास करती है बल्कि वो जो लोग दबंगई से वोट डलवाते है उनका संरक्षण करती है, और जातिवाद एवं गुंडाराज को बढ़ावा देती है। इसके लिए जरूरी है मतदाता सूची को आधार संख्या से जोड़ा जाये, और एक राष्ट्रीकृत मतदाता सूची बनाई जाये। 
0 0 Though by having various elections like panchayat election, municipal corporator elections, M. L. A. Elections the citizens of india has not benefited instead only allegations are made against each other in relation to funds. Thereby the peoples government under the leadership of Shri Narendra Modiji should abolish all elections and there should be only Lok sabha Elections and the M .P.'s should develop the country with the help of executives like collector. In the same way as one tax like G S T 
0 0 Sir it is really a great idea but one thing should be keep in mind that the elections must be fair and there should not be any sorts of political violence and the public must cast their votes independently without any fear but we should also take care of polling officials and they must be given adequate security like that of public. Thank you sir. 
0 0 Its an excellent way to reduce the election costs....But it needs some administrative modifications...We can start it on pilot basis by combining panchayat, lower legislative council or vidhansabha for its feedback and working...on basis of that we can decide what changes we have to make to club the lok sabha and the vidhan sabha elections..... 
0 0 #SimultaneousElections Pros Economically beneficial High voting percentage Easier to conduct and regulate Gives a chance to the voters to understand the whole legislative system at once Equal voting percentage in all elections so whoever votes in one will have to vote in all. Normal tenure of all democratically elected people can be known before hand. Enhanced continuity and correlation in legislative and executive systems. Efficiency and effectiveness of Election Commission rises 
0 0 clean my india 
0 0 Clean India ..... 
1 0 Respected Sir/ Madam, (स्वच्छ भारत अभियान को आगे बढ़ाते हुए ) Samvardhan Company has come out with unique website which caters various needs of consumers as per “ One window concept “ . We request you to go through our website www.samvardhan.co - also attached herewith the brochure of multi faced Samvardhan site. This is Nitesh from Robustus see.& Hr.Pvt.Ltd., which is a well-known organization. We are 03 year old company and our services are provided to all the major companies of its ni 
0 0 Respected Sir/ Madam, (स्वच्छ भारत अभियान को आगे बढ़ाते हुए ) Samvardhan Company has come out with unique website which caters various needs of consumers as per “ One window concept “ . We request you to go through our website www.samvardhan.co - also attached herewith the brochure of multi faced Samvardhan site. This is Nitesh from Robustus see.& Hr.Pvt.Ltd., which is a well-known organization. We are 03 year old company and our services are provided to all the major companies of its ni 
0 0 Hi 
0 0 Address 20, Sumadhur Society, Deep Bungalow Chowk, Shivaji Nagar, Pune, Maharashtra Pin Code - 411016 Email info@samvardhan.co samvardhan2015@gmail.com Website www.samvardhan.co 
0 0 Respected Sir/ Madam, (स्वच्छ भारत अभियान को आगे बढ़ाते हुए ) Samvardhan Company has come out with unique website which caters various needs of consumers as per “ One window concept “ . We request you to go through our website www.samvardhan.co  - also attached herewith the brochure of multi faced Samvardhan site. This is Nitesh from Robustus see.& Hr.Pvt.Ltd., which is a well-known organization. We are 03 year old company and our services are provided to all the major companies of its ni 
0 0 yes i am in favour of simultaneous elections in India. 
0 0 लोक सभा और विधान सभा के चुनाव को साथ साथ संपन्न करवाने में हमें कई पक्षों पर ध्यान रखना होगा: - निश्चितरूप से अभी तक चुनावों को संपन्नकराने में होने वाले समय और धन के अपव्ययको ध्यान में रखकर यह विचार रखा गया है| राष्टीय और प्रदेश स्तर के चुनाव जब अलग अलग होते हैं तो पार्टियों व मतदाताओं के मुद्दे अलग अलग होते हैं जिनके आधार पर वोट माँगा और दिया जाता है| यह क्षेत्रीयदलों पर राष्ट्रीयदल हावी हो जायेंगे और कई जगह राष्ट्रीयमुद्दे स्थानीयमुद्दे से दब भी जायेंगे|दलों व् मतदाताओं को जागरूक करना होगा| 
0 0 लोक सभा  और विधान सभा के चुनाव को साथ साथ संपन्न करवाने में हमें कई पक्षों  पर ध्यान रखना होगा: - १. चुनाव करवाने में होने वाला खर्च(१)चुनाव आयोग द्वारा(२)चुनाव में प्रतिभाग करने वाले दलों द्वारा खर्च२.सुरक्षा व्यवस्था (१) इतने बड़े पैमाने पर एक साथ सुरक्षा कर्मियों की उपस्थिति(२) उनके स्थानातरण की व्यवस्था ३.मतदान देने की वैकल्पिक व्यवस्था (१) आधार के डाटा का प्रयोग (२)मोबाइल या वेबसाइट से(३)एवीएम से ४.चुनाव के उपरांत (१)कार्यकाल पूर्ण न होने पर प्रशासनिक व्यवस्था (२)असफल सरकार का विकल्प ..... 
0 0 it will be best if simultaneous elections will held for lok sabha and vidhan sabhas . 
0 0 Sir, there are many young educated candidate interested to participated in politics to have good politics to end bad politics. India can top with having best governance and good government like you sir. 
0 0 I'm agree with the idea of taking simultaneous election as this is going to save much expenses & can avoid corruption too. In my view, it will b better ifone candidate get one responsibility to avoid delays in works . More participation of non corrupt, people oriented and disciplined candidate should be there who will work for India not just for money or cast or religion or for fame. 
0 0 A free and fair election helps to have a better government and its performance. Our total population is now divided under various parties' banner. It creates favouritism, partiality and improper distribution of developmental activities. If the centre and states are under  one party the rapidity in development would be more. Yes it must be decided by the voters. As far as I am concerned I give my votes to the clean candidate like our PM. So such candidature must be ensured . 
0 0 YES 
0 0 Simultaneous election can bring down the election costs and malpractices. When there is gap of time in elections unnecessary influence and malpractices take place. Please ensure the strict scrutiny of candidates as it is noticed several times that criminals and goonda type candidates are included in our goverments and such people can do injury to all. Clean,loyal,dedicated candidates must only be given chance to contest elections. Say we want a candidate like our dedicated PM. Jaihind. 
0 0 sir, It's good idea, one person standing for two areas should be cancelled. 
0 0 Good and efficient method to reduce influence of state assemblies on the general elections 
0 0 This will be very beneficial for our country.We can save a lot of money that we are sending by our government in every lok sabha and vidhan sabha election occurs at different time. we can do election at same time.As example we had been held vidhan sabha election in 2014 in different states as ANDHRA PRADESH,ARUNACHAL PRADESH,ODISSA,SIKKIM. 
2 0 My views have been attached below. Take into consideration. Thanking You. #mygov 
0 0 The lok sabha elections can be held in a planned year (say 't') and then all states can go to elections in year 't+3'. This provides the citizens with a required time to analyse the major central govt. chosen by them. Also then the next 2 years provide for respective state govt to be analysed for central election, thus fulfilling dual purpose of cost saving and federalism because simultaneous election for a federal country have to be federal in nature. 
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFpesTxqvCo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3es5EKgyyY 
0 0 Aadarniya PM ji, In last Bihar election all exit polls supposed to win BJP, what happened at last moment results diverted in favour of Mahagathbandhan, is indigestible. What happened behind is subject to investigate? Sir this opinion of my wife, she expressed me to share her thought with what I wrote. Jai Bharat 
0 0 It is a very appropriate and revolutionary step towards welfare of country.It not only save country's or parties fund but also reduce time and effort of military and those people who are responsible for conducting fare election.Very importantly from student's point of view, due to repetitive elections school and colleges have to close results in the loss of study.Also rallies conducted by different parties having so much use of loudspeakers disturb us.Due to over rallies traffic jams happened. 
0 0 It is a brilliant idea to have simultaneous Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha elections as it will save colossal amount of money to the exchequer which can be fruitrully spent on developmental work. Besides it will also help to avoid the massive logisitics and security arrangements required to hold these elections piecemeal. Need to arrive at a consensus amongst all political parties on this issue followed by a workable plan to hold these elections simultaneously during the next gen elections. Jai Hind 
0 0 This is a great idea. It will be cost effective and provide development and growth target for elected tenure to all parties. It will save time and effort of elected member on continuous election campaign. One more thing have to suggest that the tenure of elected Government should be 4 years. So planned work of development will be complete in 4 years instead of 5 years and it will helpful for country to become Economic Superpower. 
0 0 Yes I appreciate the idea but since last two yrs seeing that most council of ministers are in mode of election only through social media there are few of them are really working hard !! they had created paid army of their supporter so I fill if elections are held simultaneously or else do not matter Its willingness to serve the county !!! 
0 0 I want one nation on election 
0 0 There is one more electoral reform which is dearly required. Consider this scenario: I like the Prime Ministerial candidate of "Party X" and want him/her to be the PM. But, the MP candidate on "Party X" in my constituency is not very good and I want the candidate of "Party Y" to be the MP of my constituency. Which party should I vote for now?? "Party X" or "Party Y"? Proposed Solution: Voters should have the facility to vote for both local constituency as well as the PM candidate. 
0 0 1.in terms of expenditure on election it looks good to go for simultaneous election but the real aim of election is choosing the representative of people who will devote to the cause of people and in a democracy people's cause is more important than any amount of expenditure. The problem with the nation having so many illiterate people is they can't differentiate b/w national election and state election and so national cause and national parties will always prevail in the election. so ... 
0 0 1.The candidate of any patry should be well educated as he should know how to deal with any issue in standard way 2.He strictly doesn't have any criminal background becz he will definitely missuses the power in that case 3. We can take latest example of bihar where government is totally dependent on loafers 4.one more recent example is frompunjab where a minister and his son beaten a pregnant women... 
0 0 It's good idea and will helpful to both public and nominated candidates. It saves time,stops flow of money, corruption will get reduce,cops saves thier time. People of india needs development in all sectors. Todays India is better than yesterday India. Its changing day by day. As our government brought several schemes for digital India,in this way the system for holding election should be change & have some changes,renovation in it. The cooperation between central&state govt will be helpful 
0 0 why not we take election digitally. it may be more secure than today's election scenario. 
2 0 Simultaneous election for a federal country have to be federal in nature. This method goes on to propose an election system where lok sabha elections are held in a planned year (say 't') and then all states can go to elections in year 't+3'. This provides the citizens with a required time to analyse the major central govt. chosen by them. Also then the next 2 years provide for respective state govt to be analysed for central election, thus fulfilling dual purpose of cost saving and federalism. 
0 0 it was great idea but the thing is all party delegates satisfied with this or not. so all party meeting is neccasary to implement it. 
0 0 The contribution of parliamentary and legislative elections is very important and economically good for our nation. As lot of money,resources and time is required for elections we have to implement this concept from next elections. It also helpful to our peoples. The corruption or moneylendring has also ends up. 
0 0 We also implement these for digital elections.( sorry for topic ) 1)we have to built a app for online voting. 2)The percentage of elections has largely increasing due to ease of access. 3) lot of people do not go on booth for voting because of they live in outside of their hometown, or they are live in remote area, or they do not give lot of time for voting. 4) When the app is build up. it is so easy and accessible to every person enhancing percentage of elections in our nation. 
0 0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFpesTxqvCo 
0 0 I agree completely. Great idea. Will save huge amount of money. 
0 0 Simultaneous election would save crores of money to the Government as well as it reduces the plenty of complexities involved in election process. At the same time, simultaneous election should not deride the enthusiasm of federal nature of our country. Also this would add some advantage to the national parties. #SimultaneousElections #ElectionCommission 
0 0 Thank u and congratulation to our respected PM for the revenge taken against Pakistan. Jai Hind and Bharat Mata ki Jai . I love my India 
0 0 I support. It save the unplanned expenditure of public money, working time and manpower. 
0 0 I support this idea especially for development. This simultaneous elections is biggest resistance for growth of the state as well as for country. When elections is declared in a state all developement work for that state are being stopped. Then to continue that development work we've to depend on result of the election i.e. Whose party won the election. If new party is opposition of GOI then that work stopped & new will start. Sad but truth. #SimultaneousElections #ElectionCommission #MyGov 
0 0 We support this idea. 
0 0 In view of simultaneous elections my opinion is, this is a very god think but its a long process for India its help to save our Money, times, and others. Its a very helpful for our future so, we need ti very soon. 
0 0 Elections can be held simultaneously. But frequent elections make politicians much more responsible for  people. The voting pattern of the people will be mostly the same in the simultaneous elections. Dissolution of the assembly or parliament will cause a major problem without having laws to pass no confidence motion along with confidence motion by the opposition If simultaneously polls are held then india's federal structure may be broken and it may look like a unitary nation . 
0 0 Suggestions for electoral reforms In my view , it will be preferable to hold  the elections for the Parliament and Assemblies simultaneously . The terms of the Lok Sabha and the State Assemblies  should be for a fixed  period and there has to be an in-built provision for preventing mid-term elections . This would also mean that the  election process should be modified for ensuring that the party which wins the election will have majority and this majority can not be modified through defection 
0 0 This cn surely be tym and cost effective and leaders can focus more on development, but there is a tendency in people to vote for the same party in simultaneous elections.Hence it can dilute federalism. Ans: 1.Yes, it's desirable 2.Divide states in 2 groups:Elections with LS and 2.5 yrs after LS. Extend the assemblies for 1st tym 3.No 4.Bye elections are nt major problem. 5.Introduce system like Panchayats where newly elected members will remain for remaining period not for complete 5 yrs. 
0 0 It is a long overdue step. It will save a lot of money and botheration. There may be so many problems regrading fall of any government before the term. These should be thoroughly worked out. It may also be seen if campaigns are financed by the government. There may be open discussions on radio or TV instead of dirty mudslinging. 
0 0 It well be nice if we Conduct General & Assembly elections in togather. We can save Money time & Avoid any kind of extra unconstitutional activity. Govt.Can focus more on Issues related to public interest rather than ugly verbal cacophony. 
0 0 Must hold both election together at same time. Remove voting card as I'D. and PAN card as well. Make Only Aadhar card as I'D. but still need some changes in Aadhar card like all in 1 It's contains: Full details of person Voter I'd number Tax number(PAN NO) Driving licence. Date of Death. Make compulsory for everyone with proof of birth certificate and bank or government paper or statement and also if people change their address they must have to change in their Aadhar 
0 0 very action has various and diversified consequences. While making such a massive change  certain points needs special cautionary  mention. 1. Indian populace does emotional voting and any such Lahar voting will make way for despotic rule throughout nation. 2. Present day election process necessitates government to be regularly cautious for full term due testing their output by randomly state elections results.3. In place of simultaneous election i propose hassle free elections like e-voting. 
0 0 Please Try to Keep good relations with neighborhood countries, and without WAR solve problems with Pakistan,and Make Kashmir Link station to unite Both the Country. 
0 0 I tried to search election regarding discussion but I find this topic only. Some people may consider my point is not related to discussion of this topic. But I just need to share my view that why no government institution specially Electoral Commission take steps to make polling online as well because there are so many people like me not able to cast their votes because either they are living very far or don't have voting card of residential state. With this step voting percentage will rise. 
1 0 (काश्मीर के उरी में आतंकी हमले में मारे गए 17 सैनिकों की दुर्भाग्यपूर्ण घटना पर मेरी कविता के रूप में प्रधानमंत्री मोदी को एक सैनिक की चिट्ठी) सेना पर हमले दर हमले,कब नींद खुले सरकारों की, ये सवा अरब का भारत है,या धरती है लाचारों की, दुश्मन के क्रूर प्रहारों पर,केवल निंदा हो जाती है, सैनिक को मिली शहादत भी तब शर्मिंदा हो जाती है, उस वक्त स्वयं माथे पर हम लानत का तिलक लगाते हैं, जब चार फिदाइन मिलकर के सत्रह जवान खा जाते हैं, 
0 0 http://angrymania.com/2016/09/28/simultaneous-elections/ Full analysis here. The comments section allows only 500 words maximum. 
0 0 There are equal number of pros/cons of conducting Lok Sabha (L.S) and Vidhan Sabha (V.S) elections at same time after every 4.5-5 years. Also there are equal number of pros/cons of conducting L.S elections after 4.5-5 years and then conducting V.S elections in phase manner according to states in between the Lok Sabha election term of 5 years. So I think the best possible solution is to conduct Lok Sabha election at one time and all the Vidhan Sabha election 2-2.5 years after that (LS midterm) 
0 0 Its a very good initiative to combine all the dates of the election both in central and in state I am strongly in favor of it, by doing this the burden on the common people will be reduced as in issue caused by rallies during the election like traffic jams and sometime might escalate to physical violence and by combining both, police can keep a strict eye on the rallies and can stop this from escalating. Election commission can use half of the money as compared to one being used currently 
0 0 Its a good decision of cost cutting.A lot of money is wasted in elections & there remains election season all time in india.new works has to be think in model code of conduct.& teachers and bank officials working time is wasted in election duties.. 
1 0 Sir,  As You have called for the suggestions for simultaneous election of All States and Central Government. In this regard, I am totally agree with You, Sir, that the elections should definitely be simultaneous. This would result in a lot of National saving of money, National/People's time, effort and energy. As for the case of Government losing the vote of confidence, then the next election should be on scheduled time only and till then President rule should remain in the said State/Center. 
0 0 There could be merits and demerits in holding simultaneous elections to the Parliament and State Assembly Elections. It could save both money and time and the trained manpower should not be repeating the same election duties. The educated voters won't find any problem in casting the votes but the illiterate and semi- literate voters may come across nervousness and puzzling situations. An intensive demonstrations to the voters should be initiated and implemented. 
0 0 Elections of state and center should be different. the reason is in center you need good commanding candidate and a stable Gov. which can drive the nation. state regional small parties are favorites as they have caste politics and reservations policies. regional small parties cant drive the nation. only they will be involved in activities which do not abide by law. so better center and state elections should be different. people today are smarter and they will have many perceptions. 
0 0 Elections of state and center should be different. the reason is in center you need good commanding candidate and a stable Gov. which can drive the nation. state regional small parties are favorites as they have caste politics and reservations policies. regional small parties cant drive the nation. only they will be involved in activities which do not abide by law. so better center and state elections should be different. people today are smarter and they will have many perceptions. 
0 0 There are many issues with the holding simultaneous elections- a. Elections keep the political leaders on their toes. b. What if one government in a state loses majority? The coalition government formed after mayn't govern at all. c. There is tendency among the voters to vote for the same party if election are held simultaneouly ( In fact, No body on a polling booth will put 2 votes to different parties! Infact, There should be - limit on party expenditure, more availability of forces to EC 
0 0 The thought itself appears messy, might not be infrastructure problem. Election is not a easy process, and is an important phenomena on which the able govt comes to power. "a public sab janati hai" in election their candidate. the impact will not be there on each other elections. so it is wise to conduct separately, as possible for free & fair elections,can be held.voters are not fools. they who who work and who donot, specially local parties. 
0 0 I have very strong view on it. Manifesto of MP, MLA, Municipal Comparator and Sarpanch are different with each other. Authority, Jurisdiction and powers are different foa all above. One time election for multiple Posts would be influenced by manifesto. So all the elections would be taken separately. 
0 0 SUGGESTIONS ON HOLDING SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS OF LOK SABHA AND STATE ASSEMBLIES 
0 0 Yes. It's very good for our country..as per one news channel agar Mp n mla elections bsame day hotey hain to country ko 1lac. Crore ka benifit hoga.. isiliye sayad sabko is fasley se khusi hogi 
1 0 Yes , Elections be held together as Center and states Govt are judged on delivered promises , if not held together , one election results influence other state election , if held together its economical too. 
0 0 I am of the opininon that the simultaneous election to Laksabha and Vdhan Sabha should not be held together.This is because the issues involved , based on which a voter has to take decision to vote arecompletely different for Loksabha and Vidhan Sabha election.Of course thecost could be more.But I think in the interest of the democratic values, we should give an oppurtunity to think on all factors before voting. 
0 0 I am of the considered opinino that holding of simultaneous election is not in the right spirit 
0 0 1. It is beneficial financially and administratively to have both Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha election together. 2. For the first time, let us drop the elected members (in case the term did not end) and get the election done. 3.Any reelection in between should still have the same end date as the party before the election. 
0 0 Continue.. 5) Validity of candidate must be based on previous present in assembly. If candidate is not appearing for 75% of time in assembly then he/she can not be member of parliament for next one election term(5 years). Members of parliament must not be paid if they are absent in the assembly. Pay for that day must be cancelled if they boycott or disrupt the proceeding of the assembly. 
0 0 Continue... 5) Any such election should be consider as intermediate election. Civilians have voted to candidate in his/her constituency. Due to political drama any government is loosing the power then Civilians don't have to bare the burden of Elections(Expenses). All the ministers who swore in have to pay fine to Election Commission. As they failed to perform their duties for what Civilians have elected them. 
0 0 Here's my opinion for above points: 1) Well, we need to have major reforms in Elections and Election procedures. Simultaneous elections will provide more transparency in election procedures, it will save money of civilians. 2) Well those assemblies would be dissolved by the President to maintain synchronization considering new constitutional reforms in election procedure. 3) Yes, terms must be fixed. But subject to constitutional laws. 
0 0 Continued.....Candidates not maintaining electoral health for consecutive 3 years need to replaced with new candidates and to be allowed again after gap of 3 years. People, public casting online vote also need to have criteria and checks....Maturity, Integrity etc. 
0 0 Continued....Every year electoral health (Candidate / Cabinate / Associates wise) of incumbent Govt. need to be checked by online yearly elections, grace period of 1-2 years to be given again to incumbent to improve the health. Every time incumbent should have candidates having good electronic electoral health  for duration of 1 year, next year they may include better candidates having health.... 
0 0 Theoretically, practically and political will consensus really can't say, but emotionally would dream to have one single elections across the country at regular intervals (every 1 year) and that too online Aadhar based Identification and Approval. Actually candidates selections should be fine tuned by commission based on some important criteria s (Honesty, Integrity and Merit), I am totally against the party / ticket based electoral process, candidates should apply independently. 
0 0 Suggestion -Consider to conduct simultaneous elections to the respective state assembly and their local bodies on the eise gained from the above experiment, government can review to conduct big scale simultaneous election to Loksabha and all state assemblies. 
0 0 i think it would be good for the country, both politically & economically if simultaneous elections were held for the lok sabha & state assemblies 
0 0 yes, to save lot of money 
0 1 My humble view: Academics and Experts in the subject must decide this point after informed consideration and debate - not the ordinary citizen. 
0 0 simultaneous elections can be dangerous for country because in case of any modi wave or indira wave like situation, a single man/ party may become autocratic. it may get enough power to change the basic features of our constitution. separate elections act as a check dam on enormous powers of ruling party. 
0 0 i will request the policy maker total abrogation of panchayat election and municipal election these panchayat and municipal pratinidhi are only increasing burden on our system . panchayat and municipal system are totally failed to achieve its goal . My suggestion to government it to make provision for right to recall block development officer and circle office and city administrator 
0 0 It is time for the government to seriously consider it as today's voter is very conscious about his vote... It will save the costs of continuous elections... elections every year in some state or the other is giving a chance for the forces polarising our society to continue their vicious agenda and the parties are not doing enough to rein in these forces with the fear of losing vote bank... Simultaneous elections may solve this problem as the entire country would be watching them ... 
0 0 I have one proposal let there be a simultaneous election in all states at a time. Let there be a direct election for the central loksabha elected by the elected members of these states. Let the largest ever group winning at centre elect their leader to become Prime minister and government. state should have right to recall its own representative , however person can be sent back only with majority of elected members of loksabha and state will have right to send alternate member. 
0 0 Points however need to ponder upon - 1) What will happen with continuous flawed policy of a govt. 2) simultaneous elections everywhere will create a weak point  for enemy state 3)if there is no rashtrapati shasan, will not central govt allow to continue ruined or chaotic condition in state 
0 0 There is no doubt that simultaneous elections will be a very good proposition in this country where much is on last minute propoganda than the long term perspective. It may in one way give clarity of thought to the voter which neta he wants at local level, unmindful what impact he is going to make on on national level. In any case this is always being repeated since years on indian soil. Atleast it will save central govt from taking popular measurefor local elections . 
0 0 Election of central government with state government will save lot of money but my worries are: 1. Influence of central election on state election, because at present situation election result of central and state election result pattern is totally different. 2. Power will be fixed for 5 year which may lead to centralization of power. So my suggestion is implement with Right to Recall 
0 0 चुनाव सुधार के लिए एक संसद और विधान सभाओं के चुनाव ही एक साथ करने की सोच काफी नहीं है ,चुनाव प्रक्रिया को और सरल और जनहित के साथ लोकतनरा सापेक्ष बनाना होगा ,जो अभी सिर्फ भारतीय मतदाता को हर पाँच साल के लिए गुलाम जैसा बनाती है -http://jhumkabareillyka.blogspot.in/2016/08/blog-post.html 
0 0 Holding elections simultaneously will benefit ln many ways. Disturbance will be limited to one time instead of many times for many elections. Also the expenditure will increase only slightly. Work stoppage due to election announcement will also be one time. 
0 0 First of all, one nation one election 
0 0 First of all, one nation one election. It will save a tremendous amount of money and pressure on forces and govt employees. The biggest benefit would be end if nation being stuck into endless election mode which drastically affects development projects because of political ambitions associated with them of certain political parties which feeds on sentiments of people. One election would ensure focus on development for 5 years because parties would knw they'll get to compete only after 5 years 
0 0 This is dangerous idea. This will give politicians absolute power for 5 years to do whatever they want... 
0 0 It is a very good idea one nation one election. It saves time & money also. 
0 0 This is a good idea indeed. In addition to this there should be option to vote through electronic medium from the house or office, or even by mobile phone. This is eliminate the rush in the poling booths and save money and manpower. A foolproof software shall be constructed for this purpose. At the first stage of implementation, there should be option for the existing government to complete their term in case the election is conducted before the expiry of their term. 
0 0 Simultaneous Election can have Pros as well as some Cons. Here are just a few suggestions for improvements of election process. 
0 0 request of some views 
0 0 1.  SCARCITY OF RESOURCES-  POLICE, BOOTH OFFICERS, TRANSPORT ISSUES, HINDRANCE FOR COMMON MAN DAY TO DAY BUSINESS 2.   SECURITY ISSUES -  DUE TO NAXALS IT MAY CAUSE DELAY AND THREAT 3.    ELECTION COMMISSION MAY NOT FUNCTION SMOOTHLY DUE TO HEAVY LOAD 4.    E VOING IS MANDATORY FOR ONE NATION ONE ELECTIONS AS PART OF DIGITAL INDIA 5.  SHOULD GIVE  ELECTION VOTING DAYS AS 1 WEEK LIKE IN CASE OF USA 
0 0 This is a very good idea.That will change the way to wark in India.Government will get the opportunity to save time and money.If all Elections will held at the same time all over the country then it  will complete at a same time, much time will be saved.Election cost will also save from this. This way the government will invest one time and save all outside cost.Working speed will improved and Election rule period will be short.This way The country security will more strong citizen feel secure 
0 0 This is a very good idea.That will change the way to wark in India.Government will get the opportunity to save time and money.If all Elections will held at the same time all over the India then it will complete at the same time,much time will be saved.Election cost will also save from this.This way the government will invest one time and save all outside cost.Working speed will improved and Election rule period will be short.This way the security will more strong,Citizen will feel more secure. 
0 0 This would be processed even before two or three decades... That is too late ... Reforms steps can't be delayed for any reasons. GO AHEAD INDIA MARCH THE WORLD ,THIS DECADE FOR ASIA... ASIA ...ASIA... 
0 0 Election Commission of India ECI ko voter ko zagruk karne ke saath saath nota ke baare mein bhi zagruk karna chahiye kyunki jo kise bhi vajkye se candidate pasan nahin hai toh vote karne nahin jaate agar unhe nota ke baare mein bhi jagruk kiya jaye jaise vote daalne ke liye kiya jaata hai toh bhi vote percentage ko increase kar sakte hai.... so pls aware nota to everyone then everyone can vote ........... 
1 0 Definitely ye hona chaiye ek toh sarkaar or voter ka samay bachga or saath mein paisa bacega or rahi baat state election mein jab opposition sarkaar banti toh center ki sarkaar par aarop lagati hai ki unho ye faisla favour lena ke liye kiya yeh shikayte bhi door ho jayegi. is se votting ercentage bhi badega kyunki zyada tar log jo state election mein vote daalna bhi pasand nahin karte woh center ko vote ke bahane hi sahi vote daal sakte hai contd... 
1 0 Candidates should be selected based on a point system accumulated by contributing to actual causes for society.E.g. Organizing a health camp 20 points.Creating awareness in body part donation 10 points.Cleanliness drive 15 points.Contributing in getting village road 50 points,working for street children  50 points.There should be a minimum cut off and leaders should get some percent of points of their followers.This will remove money,muscle and family influence in politics. 
0 0 ARMY MEN DONT GET IT EXEMPTION AND MP/MLA GET IT. WHY. THIS ALSO BE TAKEN IN APPLICATION FORM THAT THEY WILL NOT GET IT. 
0 0 RECORDING AND UPLOAD ON ELECTRONIC MEDIA. 4)ELECTED CANDIDATE MUST BE MADE COMPULSION FOR "NOT TAKING POLICEPROTECTION" FREE OF COST. ONCE THE GET ELECTED, THEY USE POLICE PROTECTION, AND ROB PUBLIC. THEY ABUSE PUBLIC IN GENERAL UNDER POLICE COVER. 
0 0 1)all participating candidates must be given option in election form itself that what benefit they are WILLINGLY give up, if elected. AS YOU ASKED GAS SUBSIDY TO GIVE UP. 2) MOST OF ELECTED CANDIDATES CORNER WORK FROM GOVT. DEPTT OR LOBBYING FOR INDUSTRIAL HOUSES AND BANK LOANS. CONDITION BE PUT IN APPLICATION FORM THAT THEY WILL NOT INDULGE IN SUCH ACTIVITIES. 3)AN UNDERTAKING BE SOUGHT IN ELECTION FORM ITSELF THAT ON BEING ELECTED , THEY WILL CONDUCT PUBLIC GRIEVANCE MEETING WITH VIDEO 
0 0 Please develop the rural areas. Our Village is Masooru, Taluk: Kukmta. District: Uttara Kannada Pin Code- 581 330 State: Karnataka. Our roads are like hell. Please select the people from our village and get a chance to talk in vidhana soudha, Bangalore or Parliment of India, Delhi. Ramesh Venkatraman Nai, Masooru, Mobile: 8762573366 e-mail: rameshkiran78@gmail.com 
0 0 Respected Modi Sahib My Co. The Oriental Insurance Co made injustice with me and expelled me from the Co. Hence I would like to see you. I am very poor man they have snatched my family butter and bread. I am 53 years old. Now can i do without job. Pl. call me. Myno. is 09582038973 
0 0 Respected Honourable Prime Minister ji.......I would like to draw your kind attention towards the cleanliness of the public places...Some of the Govt.and the institutions not following the rules or instruction laid down by you or Govt. In this connection i have a plan for clean india.PL. call me i would like to see you sir....I would like to draw your attention towards injustice done by my Co.The Oriental insurance Co. ltd. They have expelled my from the job. I am very poor person. 
1 0 Honble Respected Modiji, Immediately after independence for few decades both Central and state elections were simultaneously held and now as you pointed out India is always in election mode. Most of the political parties except BJP are viewing the winning of elections as a good opportunity to loot the public money, hence they may not like the elections suggested by you. But this is good for nation and Govt should persuade the unwilling parties to accept the new proposal as you succeeded in GST. 
0 2 I feel that this is not a practical idea and due to the various issues things may go out-of-sync again. It is better to leave this as is and focus on better issues. 
0 0 हम सभी ग्राम वासी जानना चाहते हैं कि हमारे गांव को शौचालयों के लिए अभी तक कोई सहायता राशि क्यों नहीं मिली। हमें अभी तक ग्राम प्रधान श्री बदरीविषाल जी से यही जानकारी मिली है कि आप कि तरफ से सहायता राशि आवंटित नहीं कि गयी है। अतः राशि आवंटित करने की कृपा करें, अगर हुआ है तो कारवाई करके शौचालय 🚽 निर्माण करवायें। आप की बहुत बड़ी कृपा होगी और हमारी सहायता होगी धन्यवाद -- Thanks and Regards AWADH SHARAN TIWARI GRAM SABHA-BHANPUR BLOCK-TARABGANJ DISTT-GONDA UP MO.NO-7814032130 
0 0 Cont: People should have the rights to use all Members in both the houses. Criminals should be kept away.Even Family members should be ban to be act as a dummy. People who are living in other cities should get the chance of voting by Adhar card linking. 
0 0 Time has come when we should move forward for Online Polling. For the trial it can be done by App which is linked with Aadhar card. Photo should be capture , time of voting. It should shart for those who are living in cities. By Facebook it can be done - Id should be atleast 2 years old. So genuine people can do the things. People can miss use in Villages/Small cities by capturing thier mobile phone. So need to work on that. 
0 0 No It is not possible as it create a confusion among lee educated person. Instead of that election commission can do promotion of candidate and arrange debate of candidate which reduce cost of election. Also ban the party system in country. As it is not mention in our constitution and it create clashes among parties this hinders the growth of nation. Most of politician work for the benefit of party instead the benefit of people. 
0 0 Honorable modi ji Its a good step what i want to suggest as we are moving towards digital india we have to think of app based voting system which will save time and money. 
0 0 I believe in BJP, works for BJP I am a follower of RSS. Works as Laparoscopic surgeon 
0 0 Private doctors of Haryana also aspect to do something to save them from false fabricated PNDT Cases imposed on them by APS CM CELL Dr Rakesh Gupta because CM Haryana has given full liberty to Dr Rakesh Gupta for all type PC-PNDT Cases. But there should be monitoring committee over Dr Rakesh Gupta to genuineness of PNDT Cases. Sir please interfere for safety of law and doctors. Please stop to DrRakesh Gupta from doing false PNDT Cases on honest-innocent private drs for bribe by his touts(DAA). 
0 0 no doubt it is a good effort , but practical difficulties must be seriously considered as mentioned by various users. Although it saves time and money, this effort cannot meet out as of now.may be the views from different people will be discussed and opined finally after that. 
0 0 In case of failure of constitutional machinery there could be 1 solution i.e the automatic invoking of the prez rule thru governor. But this could come in to effect only after a judicial review ex: Uttarakhand. Thus making the judiciary as guardian of the state identities. The positive aspect would be that the coalition partners would never let the state to slip into prez rule, thus enabling them to work collectively for the development of the state without any differences among them. 
0 0 PM Modi, Hon'ble Sir definitely Process  of elections in the country are in need of a broad shift disabled. I am in favor of this in India, from the village panchayat ward member to president elections should be together. present election process are not only  a  big  BARRIER forgrowth, but this system is much more expencive . a systematic plan for this change should be made. 
0 0 Simultaneous Elections of Lok sabha and Vidhan Sabha is a good thinking, it will save the time and money of the country as well as the govt can work freely as no one can say that they are giving so much to that state as there is election in coming time. But there is a problem that if any state govt. or the center govt. unable to complete its tenure as it has to dissolve in mid term then hat will happen? Will that govt. is allowed to complete its tenure whereas they don't have the majority? 
1 0 Advantage in adversity. In the present context of Indo–Pak relations, we may claim for higher share of waters revising the outdated Indus treaty in our best interest, instead of violating the treaty to invite a lot of practical problems and worries at international level. Similarly, befitting reply at different fronts to protect our interest is a more practical solution rather than going for direct military action. We are already weakening the country internationally. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections have taken place before in 1952 and 1957.The EC keeping this in view has proposed the move.Considerable amount of savings assured, but the one single impediment would be the premature dissolution of state assemblies or failure of constitutional machinery,ex:Arunachal Pradesh. A comprehensive mechanism to redress such problems is essential. However the capital saved could be channelised to fund public health, education and environment, the 3 basic pillars of a society. 
0 0 ALL THE THREE WINGS OF DEFENCE ARMY NAVY AIRFORCE MUST BE GIVEN CHANCE IN LOK SABHA AND VIDHAN SABHA OF EVERY STATE TO PARTICIPATE FOR SOLVING PEOPLES GRIEVANCES. BECAUSE DEFENCE OFFICERS APPROACH IS REALISTIC AND PRACTICAL AND LOGICAL. BY APPOINTING DEFENCE OFFICERS IN GOVT OF INDIA WILL IMPROVE THE JUDICIARY'S IMAGE AND OUR COUNTRY WILL BE LESS CORRUPTED AND TOTALLY HONEST. ALSO THEY WILL NOT DISTURB THE SESSION HOURS IN PARLIAMENT LOK SABHA AND RAJYA SABHA 
0 0 This is the most welcoming step proposed by the govt. i think it should be taken forward and should not die its natural death. It saves on the govt's exchequer.The problem of conducting elections every now and then,and the security measures to be undertaken is not an easy task. 
0 0 I welcome this idea of simultaneous elections as it will save much money n time .Also it will be helpful in transparent election. My months are wasted in code of conduct.so simultaneous election is necessary 
0 0 Respected Sir I have agree with you. in the election large amount were spend by various political parties. this large amount can move to development activity. after implementation of election reforms ours economy may be grow more than 9 to 10 percent growth. 
0 0 It is the best proposal to save the tremendous cost, manhours&time of the country. 
0 0 It would be a great idea and one of the biggest reforms in Independent India. We need to bring a consensus amonh all political parties.A debate needs to be started agressively all over the country pressing on the benefits of holding simultaneous elections.It would be benefial on different grounds such as curtialing un accounted expenses by parties and members, the elections will fought on all common issues.. it would help in electing a govt with clear majority and thus decision maki will be fast 
0 0 Yes, Silmultaneous election is good by time and economical point of view. It will provide time to politician to do work. 
0 0 Do election one time in whole country its save money, time and other pressure. Then u can concentrate in country progress 
0 0 I think it's good idea from monetary and time management part. This will also ensure centre and state government are on same stage. Right now there is drastic difference in state and centre government administration. If it it helps in better administration, go for it. Other thought is can election commission hold election on such a large scale with efficiency, if so, I think it's great idea. 
0 0 It will be a good initiative If pm ensured us that saved money is used for country not for officers corruption 
0 0 Sir , Other thing that is differnt of the topic i m discussing : Cruption. I belongs to bhatol jattan village in hansi teshil ,distt. Hisar (haryana) . All officers of panchayati raj are more currepted . Even that DDPO,BDO,SDO,JE,PANCHYAT SECTARY. all are divided their shares Sir please look them . 
0 0 Ya ,right sir . Elections of Mp's and also all elections of all states . I am in favour of all elections either in centre or state government. And one thing that is very important is state elections ie. All panchyats elections also consider at same time 
0 0 I agree for simultaneous election as it will not only save cost but also time and improve productiviity 
0 0 Good Evening आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी Just want to ask a question before going to electoral reform procedure Sir May we know the time from which we can experience the changes in election process?  or May we know the period from which things can be implemented smoothly? Sir in my opinion these changes required step-by-step analysis from North to south and East to west. Deep study research through which leadership at ground level do not effected with one scence.Time is 4 research 
0 0 Consider an alternate - There should be 1 election of Central Govt every 5 years & there should be 1 election of  State Govt exactly in between this 5 years i.e 2.5 years after the Central election. The election of the head of the state - PM or CM must be directly by electorate. If the govt loses majority before the end of the term the head of state will still govern on a COMMON MINIMUM PROGRAM. Mid-term election only on impeachment of the head of state & only for balance term left. 
0 0 It is a good initiative and have many advantages. Advantages 1. Saving of Time and Money both. 2. India will be away 24 hours elections mode. 3. Democratic Structure will be strengthen. 4. Election commission will be having more time to prepare for elections and they should also be engaged in policy making. Disadvantages 1. Only one disadvantages seems that if only one party came in power in center and several states, the chances of dictatorship will be increased. 
0 0 Holding simultanoues election is a great innovative idea by govt, it will help govt to manage its resources more efficiently in terms of expenditure on elections, human resource and time... 
0 0 This will reduce the expenditures on elections, which ultimately will help to boost up our ecenomy 
2 0 Sir, This is great idea. Even I was thinking same from the time when I saw that even our PM's precious time is involved in numerous public meetings during different elections. Best we can do now therefor is to : 1. Reduce the time cycle of elections to 4 years in place of 5 yrs. 2. Intermittent elections if any should be limited for validity till the next "National Elections". 3.If only 6 months are left then no in-between elections and same to be covered by President/Governor rule.Thanx... 
0 0 My question is regarding the banking reforms. 1.If any bank is registered for any auto pay over net banking than banks should intimate the customer(at least before 48 hours and should have help option to stop to stop auto pay) about the payment going to happen from his account due auto pay standing instruction. 2.If any third party fund transfer is registered to net banking than bank should allow customer to claim amount back if payment happened by auto pay standing instructions directly. 
0 0 Election commission may be given some additional responsibilities as their work will start after 5 years. 
0 0 In such case, the tenure should be as under: 1) Union- 6 years 2) States-3 years 
1 0 This has following advantages: 1) Huge saving of cost and money and time saved of politicians can be used for the welfare of people and country. 2)Citizen can plan to cast their vote both for Lok and Vidhan Sabhas election together. 3)No more politicking for next 5 years by states and union. 4) For any vacancy or pre-termination, it calls for immediate re-election. One cannot wait for till 5 years. 5) Outside world also clear about the stability of the Govt. 
0 0 This is critical to success of democracy as we see many projects stalled due to threat of voter anger. We need to run one stretch without stopping every few days to face an election. At the same time we need an check to stop corrupt parties continuing the reign just because they have the term. 
0 0 Yes, we should do this ASAP. It will save cost and time (as many activities are delayed due to model code of conduct) We should also think of eliminating state assemblies and electing state CM directly. CM will select key minister from IAS / IPS officers. 
0 0 Its better to have simultanious elections for the state and centre..elction oriented development shouldn't be thr all round development should be thr.. 
0 0 I'm Shailesh from Delhi and I'm writing an email to join your team to do something for my Delhi and my place where I leave. I leave in Delhi (Uttam Nagar) and belong to Patna Bihar. I have an idea to clean(swacch Bharat abhiyan) Delhi. I'm planning to search all the wastage collector peoples by area wise to collect the wastage from door 2 door, from this we can generate the employment for wastage collector and we save our India to dispose of the wastage on the road. 
0 0 Fixed term government is a pre-requisite for simultaneous elections. Only pre-poll alliances should be permitted. This will avoid horse-trading afterwards besides being ethically sound proposition 
0 0 Repected P.M., Now a days there are many marchs going on for various demands such as Reservation for every Cast. I have solution for this please check if we can implement this. Need to close down all the previous reservation acts & create a new act on the basis on Financial Capacity. and then we can add a sub act on Cast basis. This means, main Reservation will be on financial basis & sub Reservation will be on cast basis. Doing this no cast group will be feel bad & this question will be 
0 0 लोकसभा और विधानसभा के चुनाव एक साथ करना बहुत ही अच्छा रहेगा। एक बात और अब वक्त आ गया है, की पाकिस्तान से सिंधु जल समझौता रदद् किया जाए। 
0 0 महोदय आज सर्वाधिक ज्वलंत समस्या है आतंकवाद और काश्मीर। कुछ समय पूर्व अलगाव वादियो की सरकारी सुख सुविधाए पर सरकार द्वारा रोक लगाने का एक आश्वासन राष्ट्र की जनता को मिला था समाचार चैनल वह समाचार पत्र द्वारा। कृपया इस पर अविलंब निर्णय लीजिए । 
0 0 I'm agree with this concept, because it will give huge advantage to our election system and also it will help our election commission to avoid burden multiple election and also there would be better visibility of voting system. 
0 0 Yes I Agree, it should be together to save cost and time. 
0 0 It is innovative and a bold move but it is not practically possible as our country is very big with vast people and different climates and cultures. so, even though it is an welcome move , it is not feasible to venture into it and waste our energy . it is at the most best to hold the tenure ending state assemblies elections along with the central elections. thats enough. 
0 0 Holding simultanoues election is a great innovative idea by govt, it will help govt to manage its resources more efficiently in terms of expenditure on elections, human resource and time... 
0 0 This is one of the good initiative taken by the Central GOVT as by the Centre's point of view of contesting both elections at the same time as it reduces the cost estimates but prior awareness should be given to the people about the difference between both elections and respective symbols of their parties.This is because in areas lyk TN almost 50-60% people are aware of only 2 symbols & if both elections are kept at same time then one party will get the benefit and this concept will be a failure 
0 0 Holding simultaneous elections atleast for Lok Sabha and all Assembly elections of States is  very much required for betterment of our country. It will help provide the political parties and the government to focus on development works for the nation, rather than wasting energy, efforts, money and resources towards managing elections all round the year. This should have been taken long ago. Without wasting more time, present government should take this decision at an early date to benefit all. 
0 0 Elections to Lok sabha and States should be modified. Educational qualifications and age should be imposed. Rajya sabha shosuld be abolished. There should be only two political parties. The President or the Prime Minister should be elected directly by the people. Casting of  votes must be compulsory. District panchayat Block panchayat and Graminia panchayats should be merged with Village office. Term of five years to be reduced to four years. There must be proviso to call back MP or MLA. 
0 0 Why only Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha elections?  Every election should be held simultaneously - LS, VS, Municipal Corporations/Councils, Panchayats every thing.  Provision should also be made that if a seat falls vacant as a result of resignation, death whatsoever, no elections to be held for that vacant seat till the next general elections.  Let the governor's office take care of the vacant seat.  Also, no candidate should contest any election for more that two terms. 
0 0 One time election is a very good decision for the people. We awaiting for the decision to take. Common people will be very happy and we reduce expense. 
0 0 This is really one beautiful idea to have one single election from village to the state as a whole. Besides this reforms like videography of polls to avoid nuisance and authecticity of voter throught ADHAAR i.e. Biometric identification to avoid duplicacy be done. 
0 0 It will be very good decision.All election at one time. Think of implementing on Municipal level election also. 
0 0 It is very novel idea to have simultaneous elections.It will be able to reduce the differences between states. All state governments and center Government should work in coordination considering the problems and requirements of the local people and their need for future growth and development so that in a span of definite period say 15 to 25 years our nation may reach to point where we may be able to provide basic needs food,water,medical requirement, shelter, progress & growth to each Indian. 
0 0 It's a very difficult task and I praise this government that they have taken this initiative. We need a vision of the next 20 years.We can take the example of the Singapore government. They took the vision of the next 20 years not just 5 year and now Singapore is a great nation. India also need this kind of vision and need to get rid of this every year election at different places so that govt should have time to thing about Nation rather then elections.I am dam sure it make huge impact on India 
0 0 pLEASE find the attached pdf for continuation regarding reforms in election system. Thank you. 
0 0 Respected Honorable Our Beloved PM Mr. Narendra Modi Ji, Pranam & Namaskar. Thinking about reforms in our election systems itself is a laudable initiative; and definitely its implementation after multiple inputs/ addition/ deletions/changes etc etc will be a great change in the vector of country’s progress. 
1 0 WE SHOULD NEVER SAY THAT THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT DOING WORK OR THE SYSTEM IS BAD.WE SHOULD ALWAYS TRY TO DO WORK WITH HONESTY.MEANS TO SAY THAT WE ALL SHOULD DO WORK WITH HONESTY. 
0 0 The idea is to have freedom from long duration of code of conduct during repetitive elections. If we have elections every 5 year simultaneously for loksabha & state assemblies, there will be lot of problems during hung assembly when no party / alliance is able to run the government for 5 years.  I would suggest to have a window of 40-45 days every year for elections. In case of hung assembly in any state, there can be re-elections after one year. 
1 0 I strongly disagree with the idea of simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Bidhan sabha. If simultaneous elections are held there is a probability of winning the same party in both elections. Thus there is no chance in coming 5 years to change the govt. in both centre and state if there is any misgovernance by any sitting govt. But if it does not happen then people have a chance to change the poor performing party from govt in the nearer Bidhan Sabha or Lok Sabha election before 5 yrs. 
2 0 i strongly stand for holding simultaneous elections so that the govts may truly focus on their jobs and the system may save a lot of unproductive expenditure. these elections should held after every 6 years instead of 5 yrs. it would give more stability and time to the govts to work as well as equate the tenure of both lower and upper houses. in case of no majority, the largest party/alliance may form the govt and failing even to that the President/governors may take over till next elections. 
1 0 Simultaneous Elections will right voice of public of choosing government. Though, All state governments and center governments will work friendly manner. Centre and States differences will come. Country will save fund, this fund will be use in other development activities. 
0 0 I feel that lok shabha and assembly elections should be held simultaneously. This will save lot of resources, time and money. I agree to the views mentioned above 
0 0 pl find attached my suggestion on the desirability of holding simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas. 
1 0 simultanious elections will surely be a democratic hyperdrive, But considering present economic,politicaland social scenario the country is not yet prepared to face such a magmus challenge. Rather than a hasty reform it would be better to conduct elections in clusters. a couple at a time, so that the election commission can get their eye's much more focussed rather than the whole country scale. #SimultaneousElections 
0 0 Respected Sir, Regarding reservation in Admissions/Goernment service/Private sector ..etc. My personal opinion in this regard is as follows:- Percentage of marks       Reservation 40-60                     20% 60-70                     30% 70-80                     30% 80-90                     10% 90-100                    10% Kindly consider so that in future there will be no cast ism and and man to man relations will be maintained. 
0 0 1. It is desirable, preferable, convenient & economic step. 2. It provides the elected union Govt an edge in formulating a bit harsh policy without the fear of repercussion in the ensuing assembly elections. 3. The schedule may be to hold election in states if left over tenures are <50%. 4. The term may be fixed to 5 yrs. If Any Govt falls, an alternative or all-party govt may be mandated for the remaining term whether in state or centre. Failing which Presidents rule may be imposed. 
0 0 I endorse the idea. Not only saving of funds thus adding to the national kitty, it will be a time saver, potential saver of human resources, as much much human power is involved. 
0 0 Further to my earlier comment another major reform required is - all candidate should be allowed to file nomination only from one constituency. 
0 0 In my opinion this is the wisest decision in democracy like us. This will have following benefits : 1. Saving of govt money. 2. Saving of time in both conducting and canvassing for the election. 3. It will provide more time for political parties including the ministers starting from PM to concentrate on the development issues rather than getting worried in making strategies every 3 months for a new election and then undertaking campaign for it. 4 . people will be difficult to fool. 
0 0 Instead of declaring the voting day as an off day ,the govt. should focus on more efficient and easy ways to let people vote,thereby reducing losses caused by a day's official closing. One among the many ways could be letting people vote near their workplaces by making electoral processes more computer data based rather than paper based (Digital India Programme & Aadhar Programme will also get a boost from this).For eg. Voting Booths if located near IT offices in cities like Bengaluru & Gurgaon 
0 0 Proposal for simultaneous elections is attractive from the surface. But is akin to harnessing the cart in front of the horse. General Elections are culmination of a string of political exercises to form the legislative bodies and governance. if the those are not fulfilled properly it would adversely effect elections results. 'Character-Crisis' in political leadership - dominance of political leadership by incompetent persons of undesirable qualities - is the most serious problem of our society. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, The situation created because of Pakistan, what I think is we should go forward against Pakistan in 2-3 directions. Through Balochistan, PoK, Afganistan so that they can't concentrate in one direction.And the 1st defence force we send in to backup them our 2nd defence force should be 3 times more, so that they don't have any chance to get up anymore. And we should not wait for other countries to support us as US,France,Russia do against their enemies, they go inside & hit them hard 
0 0 It would be an incredible idea for incredible India, as if election are being conducted within a week then working people who's staying away from home can take leave cast their vote for both parliament and state and can come back without having a second thought for election for the next 5 years. I'm in favour of this part. 
0 0 1 day election for local bodies,1 day for state assembly,1 day for central so 3 days holidays are reduced to 1 day by conduction election for all bodies on same day.More over money spent by the party members are also considerably reduced to one third, Even if you bring online voting lot of money will be saved. Usually which party in center will decide state & local elections,so by conducting on same day will give chance for unified party to get selected.Saving single rupee is good for country. 
0 0 Yes, it will develop sense of One nation... in individuals... & more people will Vote... Election become a festival... Strengthen the Democracy... :) 
0 0 That saves money and time.one time preparation 
0 0 My reply with regards to simultaneous election is attached as jpg format. Total 02 are there 
0 0 Probably lot of money can be saved through this way. 
0 0 Schools and colleges must not conduct examinations during elections. 
0 0 Instead of simultaneous elections, elections at fixed periods of five years could be held. If, for instance, elections are held in May 2016, assembly elections could be held after two and a half years, in December 2018. The next cycle of elections would then be held in May 2021 for the central government and in December 2023 for state governments. This will help governments do a course correction when required and will save us from being stuck with bad governments for a full period of 5 years. 
0 0 Sir,no doubt it will be a milestone in the Indian history if simultaneous election is conducted not only for Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabhas but at a time for Panchayet & Municipalities also. Sir, the progs. I want to h/over as said below will not require ample of money to implement but strong step for radical change & reforms of some rules & regulations which is possible under your leadership only to make grand & sure  success of 'Swachh Bharat Mission - A New India'.     With Regards,  - nkbiswas. 
1 0 #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov 
0 0 (cont..of 21.9) it seems in question also. Since 1999 to 2016 I sent several letters with a view to 'Swachh Bharat Mission' to the then & present ministry concern, to your honour & Hon'ble President also to h/over 25 points prog. for the sake of Indian Railways, 50 points prog. to establish an unique pathsala countrywide as education ahead education. & now 32 points prog. on constitutional matters but got no response which I want to h/over you directly. Hope Your Greatness will not despair me. 
0 0 i too agree the idea that lok sabha and vidhan sabha election to be held simultaneously. and if any of it get dissolve earlier, then president rule should be imposed till the next election schedule come. if situation like no party in majority comes, then temporary leader may be elected by majority vote of lok sabha or vidhan sabha. after election all elected member must focus on work rather than politics of cheap quality. 
0 0 sir agar koi be sarkari hospitel main mariz o ki pass poisa jadha nahi ho to kiya uska elaz nahi hoga agor kom poisa main garive ko elaz mil jai to achaa hoga sir 
0 0 Hon'ble P.M. Sir, Idea is too good to make strong national integrity but where everyday new political party is born, the dirty game of changing party by elected political leaders is in practice there somehow the significance of election & patriotism is at stake which is also disgrace to the common people's opinion. So at first constitutional amendment is reqd. to stop such practice. Sir, no doubt Your brain-child 'man-ki-baat' or inviting suggestion is an unique platform but sometimes  (conti..) 
0 0 Election of Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha of all state must be held simultaneously. It will be benefited to all of us and our country. It will save a lot of money and valuable time of our country. 
0 0 #SimultaneousElections 
0 0 Yes,term of both VS and LS should be fixed. if its not there then how can democracy will work!! I think as far as by elections are necessitated or ruling party or coalition loses majority are concerned then who so ever comes to form cabinet should hold assembly till next combined elections are held. I think this will be great step towards growth and it should be repeatedly a matter of discussion at every forum as possible,including media or social media so an early outcome is possible 
0 0 Respected Sir, I think Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha elections must be held simultaneously. This will not only save the financial resources but also reduce the unnecessary burden on the Government/ non- government machinery of our country. it could be a successful move, if efforts are made to educate all sections of voters about the purpose for which voting is done.. Voters with diversified socio-economic and cultural restrains must be made aware of the positive aspects of simultaneous elections. 
0 0 and as far as would be 20/21 assemblies are concerned it will be again a test of their policies. Holding elections at the same time will also expose the ideologies of those parties who just want to increase their political career and who think by doing work in last 1 or 2 years will make their win in subsequent election. Definitely at first parties will have a lot of issues but India will positively adapt this political environment for long term benefits in mean time.(3/n) 
0 0 Yes, I support for the elections to be held simultaneously. This can reduce the time, pressure on security systems and saves money 
0 0 contd.. Like stated above and in many comments holding elections simultaneously have many pros which should not be ignored as if this is done India will grow more than ever before.But to keep in mind the cons-mainly the assemblies whose scheduled tenure either ends before or after the proposed date of holding elections.for instance, if this is done wef 2019 the assemblies elected in 17/18 would oppose more strongly but again it would test of their period of holding tenure (2/n) 
0 0 In my opinion it will be great to hold elections simultaneously but the main problem is lok sabha elections are done by keeping in mind the nation as whole while vidhan sabhas election are done with respecting states problems. so i think possible solution could be to hold VS elections altogether and with gap of 1 yr LS election should be held,in that way enormous money blocked in campaigning by different political parties in schedule like today would be reduced by major %age (1/n) 
0 0 Respected sir, I think elections should not be held together because If elections held together then, the common man is unable to know a new politician whether is good or not, he will fulfill our needs or not. For example In case of Delhi, Most of the people go with AAP and sorry to say that its a lesson for the public of delhi and other states to think atleast once before giving vote to this govt. .And simultaneous elections also increases the burden of the agencies involved in the elections. 
0 0 I feel that this is a very good step which should had been done before. All elections of MPs, MLA, Councillors and Gram Panchyat should be held togrther. It will save lots of Tax Payers money as well as saving of man power, pollutions gunda gardi etc. Only problem in this formula is that if any elected body get dissolved what will happen to that state or centre or local bodies. I suggest in that case if the time is left less then two year then the state or centre rule can be incorporated or if h 
0 0 Election of Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas should have to be simultaneously. It would save lot of gov time, and helpful for voters as well. It will be cost-effective as well. I support for Simultaneous elcetion. I Request Central Gov and Election commission for implementation of same. 
0 0 पूर्व से आगे.. वर्तमान चल रहे विकास कार्य भी रुक जाते हैं। अत: राज्य सरकारों के चुनाव साथ में ही कराये जाने चाहिए। 
0 0 पूर्व से आगे... तथा मतदाता को किसी भी चुनाव से पूर्व सामयिक मुद्दों व परिस्थितियों के अनुरूप निर्णय लेने का समय मिल सके। हॉ राज्य सरकारों के चुनाव साथ होने से यह फायदा होगा कि जैसा कि वर्तमान में प्रत्येक वर्ष किसी न किसी राज्य के चुनाव होते हैं तो राजनेताओं, मीडिया,सरकार,जनता आदि सभी का ध्यान वर्ष पर्यंत केवल आने बाले चुनाव पर लगा रहता है वही चर्चा का बिषय होता है। इससे न केवल आवश्यक सामाजिक-आर्थिक मुद्दों पर विचार, चर्चा व निर्णय सभी चिजें चुनाव की भेट चढ जाती हैं साथ ही आचार संहिता के कारण.. 
0 0 केंद्र सरकार व राज्य सरकार के चुनाव साथ-साथ हों या नही, इस पर विचार से पूर्व इस बात पर पर विचार जरूरी है कि सभी राज्यों के चुनाव साथ में होने चाहिए या नही ? तो इस बात पर मेरा मत है कि सभी राज्यों के चुनाव एक साथ चरणबद्ध तरीके से कराया जाना चाहिए और उसके बाद केंद्रीय सरकार के चुनाव कराये जाने चहिए। क्योंकि राज्य व केंद्र के मुद्दे निश्चित रूप से अलग होते हैं तथा एक स्थानीय मुद्दों व परिस्थितियोंं के बहाव में केंद्र सरकार के चुनाव या केंद्रीय मुद्दों के आलोक में स्थानीय/राज्य सरकार का चुनाव ना करे 
0 0 Yes, I support for the elections to be held simultaneously. This can reduce the time, pressure on security systems and saves money. 
0 0 Central, State, municipal, etc. all should be held at the same time so that the respective government should only concentrate on the work not on the election to be held in any other state. Their should one rule that if any state or central government fall in between 5 year tenure then second election will be only for the remaining period of 5 year. It will give time to winning party to concentrate its energy on work only. It will also be helpful in curbing black money and anti social elements. 
0 0 The state and Central elections should be held at the same time. The tenure of the state assembly should be fixed till the next general elections. If the assembly is hung or is dissolved before the next election and it is more than 2.5 yrs away from the next general election, a state specific election can be conducted with reduced tenure. The municipal corporation elections in a state should be all held as once - but may not be in sync with general elections 
0 0 Please include a mandatory clause that every election representative should have served the nation at any capacity in military system or social service system for minimum 18 months. I do agree that it is near to impossible. But this is a very basic requirement to enforce lot of discipline and will help curb corruption in the long run. 
0 0 Yes, each and every election including local body elections 
0 0 Yes, it would be prudent and desirable to have simultaneous elections for Lok Sabha and State Assemblies. India cannot afford expenditure on multiple elections, besides leading to administrative paralysis due to election code of conduct. 
1 0 Besides, elections for rajya sabha should also be held simultaneously ie within six months of constitution of these state assemblies, so that complexion of rajya sabha is contemporaneous. Rajya sabha term should also be for 5 yrs instead of six as at present. This will avoid will of people being subverted by competitive politics as was witnessed for passage of GST bill that took almost a decade to pass. 
0 0 I think it is a sound idea to hold simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and State assemblies once every five years. These houses/assys should have a fixed tenure of five years. However, ways will have to be devised to check horses trading in assys of smaller size especially where the mandate is fractured or parties have near equal strength. Frequent efforts to topple govts by competitive political parties will become order of the day. A way out can be to ban defection altogether. 
0 0 yes, i strongly support for holding of simultaneously election of lok sabha and vidhan sabhas , it will save huge amount of money and un-necessary movements govt. machinery and man power 
0 0 Respected Hon. Prime Minister Sir, with current attack at Uri brings difficult time for india in deciding options. I was studing carefully the options & few logical may be- 1- We need to boycott SAARC and can create new entity with minus terrorist states. 2- Give asylum to all Baluch friends 3- Triangle of Afghan/Bangladesh & Baluch to cover & isolate terrorist states 4- Stop all illegal road making that connects to Baluchistan & China. regards, 
0 0 Dear Sir, Good Morning Only one participant should be from one family.  Nothing should be free for MP/MLA. MP/MLA should be treated as Service Person and no side business should be allowed. He/she should be qualified in that area and should not have criminal background. 
0 0 Good Morning. For Developement of India Fastly, Election Should be in one stretch....  Yesterday Russia also done the Same.............Political Leaders will concentrate only his Works and Envelopment Schemes. Sir, Please consider all Political Parties from State and central.  Within 1 Year their period is closing, that case to be Extend the period upto Parliment Election. 
1 0 Election in India should held simultaneously and poster/banner or other physical advertisement should be banned to save money. some mandatory clauses should be there as below: 1. only one participant should be from one family 2. nothing should be free for MP/MLA 3. no quota should in any form of business 4. MP/MLA should be treated as Govt employee and no side business should be allowed 5. Above all, he/she should be qualified in that area and should not have criminal background 
0 0 Elections were held simultaneously from 1952 to 1967 and hence not a new concept. Same can be synchronized in 2 to 3 cycles. However real issues in our system are lack of inner party democracy, influence of black money and corruption, criminalization, polarization, state level parties and coalition politics. Some thoughts are put down in attached doc, may be useful. 
0 0 i think as the election process is going on,it is good because now there are lot of problems in india. which can affect over the elections.and our earlier process . of holding election is good.but after some time it should be change 
0 0 No need of elections to the bad habits like drinkers looters prostitutes wrong doing people illiterates sinners,conspirators corrupts disloyal people.follow a peaceful new India whichever you like according to all my suggestions earlier. 
0 0 5. In this case, elections to assembly or LS should be conducted for remaining period of tenure of dissolved LS or RS. 
0 0 2. If simultaneous elections (SE) happen, then 1yr cushion period may be taken. The terms of assemblies ending 1yr before SE can be extended and for 1yr after, it can be reduced. The election schedule should be kept in such a manner that max number of assemblies go to poll. And for remaining assemblies, election can be conducted after 2.5years with  cushion clause. 3. In first SE the term can be varied, but then afterwards it should be fixed, to judge govt performance on the time scale 
0 0 LS elections can be done separately and  All Rajya Sabha Elections separately with 6mnths gaps Pros: less election time, expenditure control on black money more working days for govt as less days wasted in Model Code of Conduct. Cons: if a govt wins election it will stay 5 yrs in power no prob with that, but if in center and state same party comes to power, then, they wont have motivation to work for starting 4 years and will work in election year only. (cz public memory is short lived) 
0 0 Yes, i strongly support the idea of simultaneous elections. It will save a lot of energy of our leaders, which can be utilized in nation building. It will save lot of money. It will save a lot of working hours of citizens, govt machinery etc. 
0 0 It is good to have all elections that is both state and central election at a time because it not only reduce politics based on region.it reduces cost of the election which will be used to other government programs. not only bringing election one at time bring other election reforms to avoiding money based elections. now contesters are directly telling how much amount he had spend. based on this we can understand how elections are going hence bring all election reforms at once 
0 0 it will help the country to come out from regional politics to national politics as people will see the combined effect of govt. policies for the benefit of people and local cast polarisation will weaken.resources will be saved and policy making and implementation will also become easier 
0 0 ONE NATION, ONE VIEW, ONE GOVERNMENT, ONE OPPOSITION, ONE CIVIL CODE. BEST POSSIBLE WITH ONE ELECTION STOP 
0 0 It's really very good idea to save the money, resources, black money but need to handle below scenarios i.e. 1. If any state/ central govt. on central rule? 2. If there is no majority to a single party and there is no possibility to form the govt.? 3. How to resolve conflict between central & state govt.? 4. How to minimize to make state under central/ president rule? 
0 0 Yes, Simultaneous election is a must and will improve the efficiency of the Government. It will also save lot of time and money. To start with, state elections to be held in 2018 (13 states) and 2019 (9 states) should be organized along with the General elections. Though I'm not aware of the legal aspects, either the incumbent Government (of the 13 states) or the Governor can manage the state till the elections are held. Balance 5states may be brought into the system in the next Gen election. 
0 0 both the assembly polls should be conduct on the same time it will save cost and make it more reliable ,cost effective,easy for people . 
0 0 "PEACE FOR 5" SIMULATION OF ALL KIND OF ELECTIONS ALL ACROSS THE COUNTRY WILL MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN POLITICS FOR SURE. PEOPLE WILL HAVE TO PAY ONLY ONCE IN A FIVE YEARS ON THE NAME OF PARTY-FUNDS. BUT AGAIN IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE CAPACITY OF ELECTION COMMISION OF INDIA WHETHER THEY CAN HANDLE THE BURDEN AT ONCE BY PROVIDING PROPER SECURITY AND OTHER NECESSARY ARRANGEMENTS. THOUGH WE ARE A DEMOCRATIC COUNTRY, POWERFUL NORMS SHOULD BE AMENDED FOR CREATING NEW POLITICAL PARTIES TO AVOID MESS. 
0 0 Namaskar! Election must go simultaneously. We must get into Bi-Party system. A Virtual representation of NRI in Political system shall be of immense use to Nation and NRI society. 
0 0 Good idea, If below problems were addressed. -What will happen to current assemblies who doesn't complete 5 years or did completed 5 years? -What will happen if the elected government collapse in between the 5 year term? -Federalism of the Country is debatable point in this agenda. -Center's Monopoly - Future of state parties in the long run. 
0 0 simultaneously conducting elections across the country is a revolutionary idea. But loksabha and vidhansabha election to be held seperately because local issues may overlap national issues and vice versa. these may lead to hung assembly or coalition goverments which people do not want.  But yes the vidhansabha elections for all states may be conducted simultaneously and may help in saving money and time of nation. 
0 0 SIR MR.NARENDER MODI.IAM SUGGEST TO YOU ONE IDEA FOR GENRATE REVENU FROM STOCK MARKET.FOR COUNTRY.PLEAS REMOVE SECURITY TRANJACTION TAX FROM TOTAL SELLING TURNOVER AND CREAT NEW TAX ON PROFIT FROM TRADING.THIS TAX WAS GOOD FOR TADER AND GOV.INCOME,GOV.CREAT THIS TAX AND GROWTH IN TAX COLLACTION,FROM STOCK MARKET.THANKING YOU FROM KRISHNA NUKHRA 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी में विशाल सिंह चारग सादाबाद हाथरस से निवेदन करता हूँ पुरे भारत में शराब बंदी के लिए अभियान चलाए ।जिस प्रकार आपने स्वच्छ भारत के लिए चलाया था #MyGov 
0 0 regional parties must be restricted to vidhansabha elections only! they're only a nuisance in loksabha, what're they doing in the parliament of India when their agenda is only local? this si best way to tackle horse trading & blackmailing, thus central Govt can be stable & focus on governance 
1 1 Yes, so that to avoid influence from the results of different state. 
0 0 All these were for propaganda purpose.The elections required for well to do Nations but not useful for poor nations.This not useful for India it must be post phoned for 50 years to make India as heaven.If it continues further India will become VARNASANKARAMU AND ALL WILL BECOME CORRUPTS and prostitutes in near future.Think over 24 hours. 
0 0 Sir, Let's create a virtual state called "NRI-State" and assign 10-15 virtual MP'S on the basis of the population of each foreign country..-This will help in increasing the percentage of educated people in govt making process....Dr. Vinod Prasad (Prof. Ministry of Higher Education, Oman) 
0 0 This idea will very beneficial for country. Some parties have different agendas for national level and states level issues.These parties made fool voters.If whole India gov.and states gov.s will have common target, then country will go ahead definitely. Extra expenditures ,time and manpower will not waste.Age limit,qualification and time of service should also fixed or define for contesting elections.rallyes by parties should also limited,do debates for telling their agendas to people. 
0 0 i think right now 
0 0 simultaneous election lay platform for sound governance. There will not be any hurdle to the government  in implementing   Policies  and decisions of the Government  There will not be any pressure on the decision outside the governance . Further unnecessary expenditure on election will be reduced  State central and inter state relationship is more viable 
0 0 Under RTI 25% of the seats are reserved to underprivileged and downtrodden. The Government is going to reimburse expenditure on education up to 12th standard. Instead Government run schools may be  started. If the entire process is analyzed  Government is spending  one out of four schools recurrent expenditure Instead  Government schools may be started. one may argue that infrastructure facilities that is only one time expenditure and very little for maintenance when compared to aid to 25% 
3 0 This is a very intellectual proposal. Conduting simultaneous elections will irradicate many unwanted overhead on all level of government authorities. I have shared my views in the below file 
0 0 Simultaneously holding LokSabha and Assembly elections is essential.Elections only once in five years with suitable clauses is also necessary. 
0 0 One of the Nobel idea to conduct simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas. This is going to benefit Nation only and politics will be seen only once in a 5 years. This will enable government to focus on development and then politics. This is going to save exchequer money and election commission can work more on election reforms. But the question how soon we can do it? Not a single citizen will oppose this idea except political parties. Timeline is very important to execute ideas 
0 0 We must greatfull to Namo for detecting such stupid bug in our Mulk management system which is only suitble for wasting our time,money and feelings for integrated India. Thanks to Presi who have guided us to reform such meaningless system. 
0 0 It is good option,Simultaneous equation will save wastage of money and time. also it may give mandate to single party which may survive for atleast 5 years.. 
1 0 #Simultaneous Elections #ElectionCommission #MyGov 
0 0 Yes definitely... also there should be possibility of online voting for NRI's and others who are abroad for work. 
0 0 It is a good thing. And definitely remove duplicate votes 
0 0 I am in favor of one time election in 5 years. It will save lot of money. 
0 0 Mere hisab se hona chahiye. 
0 0 simultaneous elections will enable both the state and central government to work with a development led approach for the country and state. It will also reduce various concerns of the Govt regarding impact of their decisions on the result of elections.  Thus more focus will be on the productive work and it will also be a beginning towards changing the mindset of caste based voting and vote bank politics. 
0 0 अदायनीय मोदी सर बैंक मित्रो के बारे में कुछ कहा जाये जिससे बैंक कर्मी भी हमारा साथ दे और हमारी मदद करे बैंक मित्रो के काम को आगे बढ़ा सके जिससे बैंक मित्रो के घर चल पाए अभी बहुत सरे बैंक मित्र केंद्र बंद हो चुके है 
0 0 Democracy also has a cost attached to it. We are all aware (incl Govt) that limit on expense, assigned to each candidate is only on paper but they spend much beyond (one can easily make out source of money).Further Govt spending also come from Tax Payers (large portion from Salaried and Pensioners) Hard earned money should be saved.  All election Lok Sabha, Assemblies and Municipality should be together. Enough of Politics. Candidates should be screened for Public Service & not goodas vote banks 
0 0 Simultaneous elections may give biased advantage to some political parties in some regions. Regional leadership and central leadership is a different matter. I feel that nation can save money by having one central loksabha election and one Vidhan Sabha election across all states simultaneously with a one year gap. This will preserve regional diversity and also save time and money and unbiased view of public. 
1 0 Simultaneous elections may give biased advantage to some political parties in some regions. Regional leadership and central leadership is a different matter. I feel that nation can save money by having one central loksabha election and one Vishal Santha election across all states with a one year gap. This will preserve regional diversity and also save time and money and unbiased view of public. 
0 0 Yes there should be simultaneous elections. Also there should be a provision of online elections where people can caste their vote online. This will reduce malpractices. 
1 0 SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION IS "DISASTROUS" IF A GOVT FALLS EARLY WHY THE PEOPLE OF A STATE HAVE TO WAIT TILL SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION. ELECTION MUST TAKE PLACE AT A FIXED MONTH/PERIOD every year Eg.,SEPTEMBER/NOVEMBER (No Exams & Good whether). ANY GOVT FALLS OR TERM ENDS, ELECTION SHOULD TAKE PLACE IN THIS PERIOD. Model Code of Conduct will not affect policy implementation. KNOWING IN ADVANCE, POLITICAL PARTIES,ELECTION COMMISSION,PVT SECTOR,MEDIA,CITIZENS GET READY FOR THE MEGA ANNUAL EVENT. 
0 0 My personal opinion is that simultaneous elections would benefit our country.  Money spent in those elections may be utilised for the welfare of our fellow citizens.  Elections are important procedure in democracy, they must be conducted simultaneously, wisely and economically. 
0 0 A particular monthe in 5 years may be fixed for elections after consulting Election Commission.  And those State Governments who fail to complete their tenure due to political reasons may also be brought under President's Rule till next date of elections.  Bye elections and repeated elections before the tenure may cause wastage of money.  This may also result in disinterest of people in elections.  Moral code of conduct may be made applicable in all states at the same time. 
0 0 I agree to the suggestion for simultaneous elections.  This will save a lot of money and human effort. All State elections and Parliament elections must be conducted at same time.  This will help to know the attitude of people towards the Government and political parties.  For bringing uniformity, there are many probelems also.  Those states who have completed their 5 year tenure must be brought under President's Rule.  Those who have to completer their teure may be permitted to do so. 
0 0 The suggestion to conduct simultaneous election is impracticable.  In each state there are hundred toppling ,deserting of party, horse trading takes place.  Especially now a days the margin of votes are very low and major parties are running minority gov in states.  State gov will have to be judged with state  of performance of each state.  So, also centre shall have separate yardstick.  So, it is unwise to compel to have simultanous election process 
0 0 The solution to the kashmir problem could be give away the valley portion of J&K to pakistan along with all the muslims of the india . Remember the foundation of the Pakistan is on religion , they owe this to all muslims of the undivided india . Please, do that to finish the incomplete partition agenda . 
0 0 this will definetly will be advancement of the indian democracy. The implementation of the mandatory education in panchayat and lower institutions is a negative preposition of the legislature , the same should have been done in lok shabha and vidhan shaba on the theory of trickle down effect , it has a stinct of authoritarian rule rather than the democratic . A mp or mla can be illlitrate but not a sarpanch ...it's a joke of democracy. 
0 0 It will really great to have a simultaneous elections of the legislative bodies. Will save a lot of money, time and resources and will also allow for better resource management. I suggest we should have a fixed date in a calendar year, like in some countries. For example say 2nd Tuesday of January, when any election if needed to be conducted should happen on that day. It could be panchayat, municipal, state, central etc. 
0 0 Very good step Sir. It should be established. Time of every one and  also money will be saved. 
0 0 sir ham bjp me aana chahte hai 
0 0 IHE CONDUCTING OF LOK SABHA AND VIDHANA SABHA ELECTIONS IN INDIA IN SINGLE PHASE IS EXCELLENT DECISSION.... PLEASE CONDUCT THE ELECTIONS FOR LOK SABHA AND VIDHANA SABHA OF ALL STATES IN SINGLE PHASE....PLEASE AMEND THE GREAT INDIAN CONSTITUTION .....I BELIVED STRONGLY NEXT 2019 ELECTION (LOK SABHA AND VIDHANA SABHA)CONDUCTING IN SINGLE PHASE....THANQ SIR 
0 0 Chunav eksath hona chahiye. 
1 0 Yes, Its seems that Government is always in campaign mode, so There must be Simultaneous Elections all over india. 
0 0 Yes indeed. Only one suggestion to improve the election process. We should now as a nation adapt the online election process for Indian peoples. Those who have access to Internet online voting, can opt for online voting after completing authentication/Validation process. Rest can continue to go for traditional way voting. The online voting can have some type of system to prevent misusing it. Our Election commission is best in the world, yet it have scope to excel. 
0 0 yes.simultaneous elections of central and state govts are desirable from all angles.Lot of futile expenditure and loss of man power will be saved. 
0 0 Yes.It will save cost and time and government resources p 
0 0 my another opinion is please try to educate & make aware among people how powerful their vote is 
0 0 Gd mng, yes, it is a good decision by you(Govt) but it must be done ensuring the adequate security personnel through out the country and also tech. should be used effectively viz.. drones, aadhar enabled biometric etc.., hope the govt. will do best In economical case it's very ecocnomical as govt. expenditure and time and campaingning expenditure and electoral code also reduces.... so please go for it optimistically Thanking you for giving this oppotunity 
1 1 i am for it basically for reasons 1. saves on cost 2. lessens burden on citizens 3. reduced interference in public life the states concerned go dead at least for a day in every election 4. less load on govt resources 5. less disturbance in society every election destabilises society lesser the number shorter the period 
0 0 i m agree with this.. 
0 0 Every must visit door to door as a family member tell them Indian history at least 1947 and educate them actual life of the then Rulers and why the people are being suffered with dreadful punishments and their future life on the basis of my research on bad good habits since 1952. 
0 0 Due to good projects all were busy in drinking eating looting sleeping with fleshly sexy sensual luxury life fighting killing each other without peace.Think over 24 hours to eradicate sinners bad habits bad Rulers to make India as heaven.change the constitution Act and Rules to make a peaceful new India. 
0 0 Let the Election be held once in 5 Year for all the country together, It will save a lot of money, resources, time etc.. to the country. But election will be held in stage by stage. All the type of dirty games will come to an end, if we are keeping the election time for 5 years. If any thing going wrong within 5 years ( Nothing will happen) Let the Governor or President go for ruling. 
0 0 This is just a thought. Can Aadhaar card be made as voting ID? With an aadhaar a person can vote wherever one is residing and need not go to one's native. This will save a lot of resources on generations of voter ID cards and electoral roll updation. 
0 0 It is desirable to hold simultaneous elections. The pros are many, main one being putting an end to the con that goes on every year. The terms of the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha should be fixed. It can be 4 or 5 years, but in no case should there be early elections....... Please see pdf file for suggestions on all the points. Hope this works out. 
0 0 Yes, It's a great move and it's in the interest of country. By conducting simultaneous election, govt can concentrate for 5 years in the development. Political parties should make their alliance and manifesto very clear to public and it should not be changed after election. Also in case of loss in majority, the single largest party should be given the charge to run the govt till next election. Also EC should design a highly secured online platform to implement for voting. Hope it sounds good. 
0 0 yes I also agree..... 
0 0 Jai Hind 
0 1 Our India is the biggest and  largest country. Various differences and  cultural diversity so it's no need to simultaneous elections. As well as people change his direction time to time. If elections simultaneous there are no chance o change for 5 years. It's very long periods. 
0 0 #Simultaneous Elections 
0 0 I believe it is one stop solution and time for governance. But it is challenging also because every state having election at various years. 
0 0 good idea.. helpful for peoples who relocate in various places. they can come to their native place and participate in all the 3 face of elections. 
0 0 great IDEA. but how to differentiate state election voting time and national voting time. how to mobilize required people and machinery. it can be done for sure, but have to strengthen the fairness and remove ambiguities. 
0 0 It will be a really great idea to have elections for the parliament and state assemblies together.Also sir we should make the elections as digital as possible so that the expenses behind the elections can come down.Also the people should get a chance,through this platform to know what their selected candidates have done for them and they should have a chance to remove them if they fail to fulfill their promises.#SimultaneousElections #Electioncommision 
0 0 Yes But there should be election funding by government and any donations/collection of fund by party for any thing including election may be banned and may be treated as criminal offence. This will clean many things. Thank you 
0 0 absoltly shri narendra modi sir im biggest fan of narendra modi modi MODI 
1 0 No doubt poll exps will drastically comedown but better alternative would be state funding of elections time taken for elections would be reduced but voters must insist localbody representation as a must qualification for representing a state or union territory or parliament constituency prior experience as wardmember must be built into the system which is not a must presently 
0 0 Yes, absolutely. Every elected government - whether Congress or BJP or any other state/ regional party - must be able to implement their manifesto without having to bother about any upcoming elections, until the end of their term. To that extent, I feel Central and State elections must be held together. Clubbing of local/municipal/ panchayat elections may be preferable but not mandatory, since their impact on central or state level governance is not much. 
0 0 I am sorry to state that there are different issues involved in the Lok Sabha  elections.  The issues will be mixed-up if we hold simultaneous elections to the Lok Sabha and the state assemblies.  The past results are a testimony of the fact that people elect different political parties in different states and the center. India is a country that stands divided in the name of caste,  Creed,  religion, region and language.  Even criminals get elected because  of the narrow and parochial approach. 
0 0 This is a good idea. It will make entire process more robust and corruption free as people will hardly get any time to formulate strategies. Further for common people the same will help as exams etc will be get disrupted once only. 
0 0 Really good idea!!! But I think if election is over in 1 day then people will wait for next election. I personally feel that MPs/MLAs/Corporators do something when they will see election in future. So request you if you want to save money; do clusters so that people has a chance to change, if they feel so. In clusters, you may combine MP and Corporator seat; MLA and Zila parishad etc. Give power to Nato ( None of the Above). Thanks for giving platform to share my views with you. 
0 0 It is really a good idea to conduct LokShabha and VidanShabha Election at the same time. Only problem I can see how to manage in case of hung assembly or parliament. I guess there could be two solution. 1. Make sure any "no confidence" motion comes with option of another gov and later should be taken first. 2. In case there has to be another election it has to be for remaining duration. For existing state assemblies we should try to extend there term as much as possible. 
0 0 This combined election voter list update no need sepreted ,each voter I'd 5yr. 
0 0 It is an excellent idea whose time has come. It will save Time, Energy, Money of the citizens of India. Politically also petty issues will  NOT play any significant role. Country will get united. Nobody (Read : Political Parties) will have any excuses NOT TO WORK in ensuing 5 years. All in all its a win win situation for people & Country. 
0 0 It is good policy. Loksabha and vidhansabha election very difficult various state. Save money, time.central gov and state gov many progress and good work as well as more time event.election scheduled fix mayAnd June month. Because many people free this two month. Political party more time conducted program.stimulate election is best. 
0 0 Its great idea to conduct Lok Sabha & Vidhan Sabha elections simultaneously to save money, resources, time. 
0 0 Its an excellent idea which have several benefits for the Nation. 1) Each & every issue will not be politised due to some state's election in mind. 2) Can save money 3) Reduce the work/cost for Voters List updation b4 each Election needs only in 5 years 4) Media will also stop biased reporting atleast for minimum 4 years thus Indians can know Good News items also 5) Central & State Govts can plan & execute projects with more confidence within time. Leaders wl get more time to work 4 Nation 
0 0 yes both elections are coduct at same time 
0 0 dear sir/madam, pl see the attachment for my views pl. rgds. M.V. Deshpande 
0 0 it is very good...idea...if it happens successfully in all India....it become an History...due to which we can save our lots of money. 
0 0 It's an excellent idea. The amount of savings that will accrue to the nation will be huge. As it has been brought out earlier also there are so many govt agencies involved during election. If all the elections are held on one day it would ensure synergy of efforts. We must have elections for the muncipal corporation, state assembly and the Lok Sabha all on the same day. 
0 0 Corrected again also due to election public holiday is announced to due which productivity of that day turns into loss.so its better to have  only 1 such day in five years. saved money can be used in many other Projects for country.so according to my opinion we have to stop this duplication of work as early as possible and implement one nation one election. 
0 0 Corrected from previous also due to election public holiday is announced to due which productivity of that day turns into loss.so its better to havehave stop only 1 such day in five years.also saved money can be used in many other Projects for country.so according to my opinion we should stop this duplication of work as early as possible and implement one nation one election. 
0 0 Continued from previous one also due to election public holiday is announced to due which productivity of that day turns into loss.so its better to havehave stop only 1 such day in five years.also saved money can be used in many other Projects for country.so according to my opinion we this duplication of work as early as possible and implement one nation one election. 
0 0 Continued from previous one.. 
0 0 This is a great idea. This will increase the productivity of our country.as we know that many govt. employees are deputed in election duty.due to which there office works suffers And due to which public also suffers.these employees are deputed in many elections like mla election ,mp election,mc elections etc. .its better to depute them only onces in a five years then several times. Also "a penny saved is penny you earn".this will saved huge amount of money. 
1 0 yes , all the elections from village panchyat to loksabha should be at once in five years and it should be all together . 
0 0 #Simultaneous Elections 
0 0 PFA my views on simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas. 
0 0 It is best option and present government must do it's best to get the same approved. This will save time and money for all. Presently PM and Minister's if wants to take certain decisions are not able to take due to consideration that election in this state or election in that state is coming ahead. And due to which government administration get stuck and handicapped. It is very much necessary for faster development of country. 
0 0 सर मैं पानीपत का रहने वाला मेने अपने ELECRTIC मीटर कटवा चूका हूँ लेकिन बिजली  वालो ने वहां से मीटर नहीं लिया और २५००० रुपए का बिल भेजा मैं अपाहिज हूँ मैं जयादा चल नहीं सकता प्ल्ज़ कुछ करिए ताकि मैं देख सकू की आछे  दिन आ गए है सुधीर भाटिया ९८१२५४४५२४ , ५८२-ल  मॉडल टाउन पानीपत 
0 0 Yes,it has to done.One more thing has to add is that unless until single candidates not get more than 50% of vote share ,no won will declare Winner ...i have detailed planned for it.......I will suggest it to PM 
0 0 Since this is not a matter of political parties alone,regular referendum may be held on this issue. 
0 0 Suggestions for holding elections simultaneously. Main problem- reaching political consensus. Suggestions- 1 Hold extensive debate & discussion in schools, colleges, any open forums, public interactions by ministers, MPs and MLAs. 2 Simultaneously, idea of holding opinion poll based on AADHAAR with adequate security, may be floated. It should be held after 3 months of intense debates. 3 If large number of persons vote for, it will create some kind of pressure on parties opposing the move. 
0 0 एक साथ चुनाव कराने से सबसे बड़ा लाभ ये है कि कागज का दुरूपयोग कम होगा और पैसा भी खर्च होने में कमी आएगी क्योकि एक ही रैली में विधान सभा और संसद दोनों के लिए प्रचार हो जायेगा . एक साथ चुनाव होने से सरकारी मशीनरी का अनावश्यक खरचा और बचेगा और लोग भी एक ही दिन की छुट्टी में अपने मत का प्रयोग दोनों के लिए कर  सकेंगे | अगर एक और एक ग्यारह होते है तो दोनों का चुनाव एक साथ कराने पर राष्ट्र ही सशक्त होगा अखिल भारतीय अधिकार संगठन 
0 0 its a nice idea sir..as right from loksabha elections every year vidhansabha elections has been conducted in different states which has surely caused shifting of issues i.e during bihar elections the whole discussion shifted to reservation.This not only affects the policy but current agenda of the govt. too.So it is good that we conduct elections at single time . 
0 0 Janmdivas ki hardik subhkamnaye pradhanmantri g 
0 0 I think it is undoutedly very innovative method for the Nation.Beacuse one time simultaneous Election willbe helpful for the political parties and the votrres along with the common people.it is also economical ly safe.so i hope this concept may implemented soon. 
0 0 भारत के प्रधान सेवक, श्री नरेंद्र दामोदर मोदी, को जन्मदिन की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएँ। 
0 1 DON'T DISTURB THE PEACEFUL ENVIRONMENT BY DISCUSSING ON SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS. NO SINGLE STATE GOVT IS READY TO LOOSE THE POWER. YOU CAN CONDUCT SINGLE ELECTION FOR PARLIAMENT ONLY NOT FOR ASSEMBLIES. 
0 0 If you are really want to do good for the nation please take necessary steps to conduct parliamentary election for whole India at a time (single time. If you conduct elections for both Parliament and assemblies/councils  of various states, do you (BJP) ready to loose power (already in power)at different states. What about security during election if you conduct at a time? Please think about single election for parliament elections only not for assemblies/councils. Your single second is valuable. 
0 0 Good Morning Mr. PM sir. Your idea is innovative and good. At present there are different types of governments at various states of India. Some of the states are going to finish their tenure of government and some more states started few months/years back too. If the Election Commission of India ask to all the state governments to go for elections, how many state are ready for it? According to my observation it is not good to disturb the present peaceful environment. 
0 0 1. Problem will be on deploying huge number of Army and security personals. 2. Idea is very good , must try in the 2019 or 2020. 3. Election month should be decided on keeping view on Examinations. April to May is good time. 4. Complete all necessary work and inform all states at least before 2 years . 5. 50 % seats for winning party. 6. If loses majority , new elected government will end with all other state governments. 7. Leaving & Joining New party should stop 3 moths before election. 
0 0 Build infrastructre as fast as China. In addition, remove slums and create space for windmills and solar panel projects. Read this: http://www.archdaily.com/246482/worlds-tallest-skyscraper-to-be-built-in... 
0 0 I am requesting to all the Noble participants please post the relevant information which helps the nation. Don't discuss about criticism which was published/watched in the media. 
0 0 Along with being free and fair, the electoral process needs to be efficient and cost effective. Single window election especially in a vast country like India is primordial for electoral efficiency. This would encourage more people to vote and a nationalistic mood can be created and sustained to ensure responsible voting.Tne cost benefits alone warrant that we reform our electoral system to be more cost and time efficient and offer least opportunities to trouble mongers. 
0 0 I am happy that Modi Ji pushing for this. It is dire need for time. It will help dissociate elections from development for some time. And it may also improve work efficiency by providing more chances of same party governments at same place. This will be next big reform after GST. 
0 0 Forget about voting machines, forget about frauds anymore new voting system should be deployed as per the digital India. Everyone is having AADHAR CARD and these are linked with voter card too. Every person who is above 18 is now a days have a mobile number linked to addhar card. So one can cast his vote through SMS, app,website or else if he is not having mobile he can give a call to customer care and verify his details after that he should be put on IVR to cast his vote 
0 0 I appreciate the thisidea.But more information about voting system, availability of machines etc. is needed to elaborate the thoughts.i think this idea would reduce the wastage of money that is done by every party during the  elections at different levels,also there will be influence factor that will take place in the minds of poor and unexposed people from the rural areas of the country. This is the only question i have from the available information. how this influence will be handled ???? 
0 0 A very happy birth day sir.. and we wish you a healthy & wealthy life for further more 50 years so that my india may become better than US. 
0 0 hum bihariyo ki or se aapko dhero subhkamanaye sir... 
0 0 Respected Brother, Here I like to Advise you please Break your Silence and CENSURE SHRI Subramanian Swamy Not to Cross his Boundary and Pass Silly Remarks to the Media involving Persons holding Important Posts like RBI Governor, Finance Minister and so on. The Legal Definition of EDUCATION is HARMONIOUS DEVELOPMENT OF HEALTH AND MIND and on this count and his Public Remarks, he is NOT AN EDUCATED PERSON. Just holding FACULTY DEGREES are not enough which are Accepted by all. Please see Annexure. 
0 0 Sir, many many happy returns of the day. 
0 0 Great idea.This will save time and money for the government. Please take steps to implement. 
0 0 Sir on your birth day one more wish that like GST was passed under your leadership another LONG PENDING LEGISLATION OF WOMEN RESERVATION BILL will see ;light of Day very soon LATEST BY YOUR NEXT BIRTH DAY 
0 0 On your Birth Day it is my wish that GREAT idea of simultaneous Elections IS IMPLEMENTED BY YOUR NEXT BIRTH DAY 
0 0 Yes this is great idea and a MUST for our Nation -please implement as early as possible as people are fed up with elections all the time.It will save huge money and time.All such good idea to be adopted during your time PM Sir because BOLD PERSON IS NEEDED FOR BOLD IDEAS. 
0 0 Wishing you a very very happy birthday to you sir jee... REGARD:- chandrika sonker (poorv parshad jabalpur municiple corporation madhya pradesh jabalpur) 
0 0 In our country, people are confused ,mostly uneducated,of the origin of problems ,which they face due to failure of governance of state and central governments. we can remember that BJP was out of power from Delhi due to onion price rise.Therefore when both central and state government election if held together then state issue will affect central government election and national issue will effect state election.Till literacy is weed out ,both elections should be in separate time period. 
0 0 1 INDIA 1 ELECTION...It will change the peoples looking prospectus & confusion between the election difference whether its MP or MLA election & will get the right gov. Also lot of our money will be saved & we will be able to leave happily as our per capita income will increase. 
0 0 India holds tri layers local self government electorate system at rural system whereas two layers at Nagar Nigam, Nagar Mahapalika, Nagar palikas, town area assembly at state level electorate and parliamentarian electorate system at National level for a duration of 5 yrs duration on various differential dates causing electorate around-the-year slower downing the pace of development affect the granted budget for the erstwhile projects. 
0 0 Pradhanmantri Aadarniya Shri Narendra Modi ji ...Aap ko Janm Din ki DHer SAri Shubhkamnaye 
0 0 Its very big thing.It will be helpful to reduce expenses on elections & get relief to police force & other connected peoples to this activity. They will work better in other things due to relaxation. 
1 0 The simultaneous elections at state assembly (Vidhan Sabha) and central assembly (Lok Sabha) will be useful for citizens in various ways few of them are:- 1. Reducing the pressure of manpower, election commission, security forces etc for dual election exercise; 2. Savings of expenditure which will impact on government spendings and ultimately the election budget and tax rates; 3. Choice and selection of the appropriate candidates by the public in specific area, etc. Jai Hind 
0 0 It provides power in government and also forces parties to do more work than politics.So, after their term ends they can show their report card to their people. This will also provide the time to the politician to think about doing something rather than only showing. much needed...much needed...much needed...#SimultaneousElections 
0 0 Happy Birthday Sir, wish you all the very best of health, happiness, energy and do best for our country and our countrymen. we wish that you take bold decisions for social peace, harmony, economy, defence and progress of the country and become a great leader for generations. sir, idea of simultaneous election is welcome idea. please highlight on this in upcoming elections and all other platforms to people to create awareness. Regards Jai Hind 
0 0 SIR, KINDLY DON'T DO ALL ELECTION IN ONE TIME. BECAUSE MP ELECTION POOR PEOPLE GET 500 RUPEES, MLA ELECTION POOR PEOPLE GET 1000 RUPEES .KINDLY DO BOTH ELECTION PER YEARS ONCE IN 6 MONTHS DIFFERENCE. ATLEAST A SMLL BLOCK MONEY DISTURBUTE IN PUPLIC. THANK YOU 
0 0 Sir Simultaneous elections give comfortable to People and saving our Indian economy. 
1 0 #simultaneous elections 
0 0 ONE INDIA ONE ELECTION 
0 0 Simultaneous election is a need of the hour.Holding election in our country, is a mammoth task.It puts a heavy demand on our administrative machinery,in terms of man-power,transport,security and money.By holding both the elections at a time will cut down these almost to half.The Election Omission should prepare a detail road map for this.There may be some initial teething trouble, but in long run it will ease up lot of burden from the government 
0 0 #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov 
0 0 My discussion is on jpeg format. 
0 0 happy birthday shreeman pradhanmantriji 
0 0 I vote for simultaneous elections. Even though there will be complications at first, solutions can be found. 
0 0 I strongly favor and support the move. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, It is really and undoubtedly suggestible to all election simultaneously.It saves resources and efforts that an election process costs. 
0 0 योग्य निर्णय आहे,सर्व निवडणुका एकाच वेळेस घ्याव्यात. मोदिजींना वाढदिवसाच्या शुभेच्छा. 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सदर नमन आपको जन्मदिन की बहुत शुभकामनाएं और ईश्वर से यह प्रार्थना है कि आप चिरायु रहे और इसी प्रकार से हम सब पर अपना आशीर्वाद बनाये रखें ताकि हम स्वस्थ और सानंद रह सके 
0 0 janm din ki hardik subhkamnaye pradhanmantri ji. hm apke swasth jivan ki kamna krte hai,wise to apne yog ko to apnaya hi hai 
0 0 If such system is implemented then it will be proved a big reform in election system. 1.fund saving. 2.time saving. 3.ministers will come out from election mode,rally mode. 4.current issues and public needs will influence regime in center and state simultaneously. 
0 0 Happy b'day my pm sri modi ji In india ha ve low income country so i suggested that to all elections are going simultaniously So very heavy amount of money are save to invest other sector like agriand indutry reform and infras.sectors 
0 0 Happy birthday to you sir,may Goddess Vaishno Devi bless you long and healthy life.As far as the question of simultaneous elections in both centre and states is concerned,I will say it is one of the greatest idea which can save a lot of time and exchequer of our Nation and is beneficial for the growth and development of our Nation 
0 0 Fully support the simultaneous Elections. 
0 0 In a poor country like India, where most of the population earn less than a dollar about 70 Rupees a day,  holding frequent elections of parliament, assemblies and municipalities and pachayats is not only wateful expenditure of scarce resources but also shameful. Most honourable elected members, prior and post-election, donot add any value to the country's prosperity, society or reputation. So the menace of multi-elections must be done away with immediate effect. I am for it. 
0 0 फफूंद की तरह बढ़ रही क्षेत्रीय पार्टियों को समाप्त करने में मदद मिलेगी और एक राजनैतिक राष्ट्रवाद का उदय होगा जो देश को एक केन्द्रित विचार धारा और विकास की तरफ मुख करेगा क्योकि क्षेत्रीय पार्टियों के कारण राष्ट्र और केंद्र स्तर पर एक सोच नहीं पनप पाती है क्योकि वो एक राष्ट्र की सोच से ज्यादा एक राज्य की सोच रख कर कार्य करते है. और इससे राष्ट्र में एनी विकसित देशो की तरह दो पार्टी के सिधांत को पैदा करने में मदद मिलेगी ..अखिल भारतीय अधिकार संगठन 
1 0 Dear Modiji, we are middle class family and have jobs out of our native states due to this we can't return and vote for elections. this is also a big concern for the students studying in other states. Sir is there a way that we could vote in the state where we are studying or working by using our Aadhar Card. Sir most of the Educated class do not get to vote due to this big issue and suitable candidates do not get chance to give their service to nation 
1 0 Dear Narenda Modiji,From me and my family's birthday wishes and I pray God bless you May you live for long with good health, humanity,happiness, peace and honest, dynamic, energized always and be a number one world leader to make India great super power country in the world. We need you for long time as Prime Minister of India. You only can make this Big Changes. So good luck sir. We all Indians will support your good Move for the nation.Wish you very Happy Birthday to you.... 
0 0 Sir...First of all Many Many Happy returns of the day.... Simultaneous elections is a GREAT idea ...sir please implement it....followings are the benefits.. 1. Great savings of National properties & facilities which are being used tremendously during election 2. Time of civilians will be saved 3. Savings of Environment through reduction in pollution 4. People will come to their core job rather than non value added discussions This is brave decision & only Sh Narendrabhai can take it.. 
0 0 I think this is an excellent idea ,also include ,if possible panchayat and local body elections in one common 5 yearly affair.this will not only save time but also money ,logistics .lacs of people are involved in this process,so much consumed ,decisions are stalled whenever elections are around .IT will take farsightedness,time and a clarity as to how to do it but i am positive with such a focused PM we will manage .all the best 
0 0 Political parties and political leaders should have a will to serve the nation and its people with honesty, unbiased, visionary and work towards development of the country and people. Attachment gives our views on the several questions that arose on conducting simultaneous elections. || Sabke Saath Sabka Vikas, Jai Hind|| 
0 0 Sir, first of all "Many Many Happy Return of the Day".I think, Sir, it would be a better choice to have both legislative and assembly elections simultaneously, because 1. It will save a lot of money of the country. 2. It will allow Election Commission to be involved in other electoral reforms as a lot of time will be saved. Once this get implemented, the state whose term is going to end, may be put up under the president's rule till the time the general election take place 
0 0 Once elected under a Party ticket, MP’s and MLA’s can not shift/change party during the term or stands terminated.  All coalitions should be formed with a declared Memorandum of Understanding which is an agreement to the nation. Violation of MoU shall disqualify the Party and its member. More stringent and strong ruling Party or coalition will come out of this measures and there will less chances for breaking 
0 0 give freedom in cantonment area in Jhansi 
0 0 Aadhaar base biometric voting system is must for compulsory voting. so voter use his/her rights in any where in india for our constituency candidate. 
0 0 #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov The holding of simultaneous elections of state assemblies and lok sabha with fixed term is a very good idea and I support the same.  However, before that issues such failure of govt. on withdrawal of support etc. should be handled.  This will save large amount of tax payers money and may also reduce black money. 
0 0 Yes should be done. It is a burden for all to have these many elections in the country as we have now. Yes there are concerns that need to be looked at such as security, manpower, fare elections but these are things that could be solved. I wish to add that instead of having an EPIC we should have Aadhaar based biometric voting so that no one person can vote twice and make elections free and fare in true sense. 
0 0 That is good try to reform in Indian election system. I fully spot to Indian govt. on this subject 
0 0 Its a great idea but more chances of rigging due to security reasons. At present even in one state, the elections are held in many phases so as a whole nation we have to think collectively. By forming an expert committee can give a detailed report 
0 0 Hello #NarendraModiji .I and my family wishes you a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY.You are doing a great work with all your efforts for our nation in the World. We all wanna see you as our PM for a number of years. And coming to #SimulatneousElections...Your decision is really very good as it will save a lot of time ,money and it will be very helpful for public ,students , schools/colleges and business/industries/companies all over the states. 
0 0 kya middle or poor people ko jinki jaurney mostly railway se hi hoti hai unhe aaram dayak safar allowed nahi hai 
0 0 modi sir kya railway rent jo haal hi mai bdhaya gya hai wo kya only middle class k liye hi kyo first class k liye kyo nahi 
0 0 happy birthday modi ji i love my gov. work presently but railway department are not doing well 
0 0 namaste modi sir,i wish you a happy and joyful birthday.simultaneous election is a good idea but i think all the state governaments will not accept.but its better to conduct election for 15 states one time and remaining 14 states with loksabha elections at a time this will be helpful for our country to save time and money as well as this helps the centre governament to function very well 
0 0 Dear PM Modiji. Please accept my and my family's birthday wishes and I pray God bless you live for long with good health, humanity,happiness, peace and honest, dynamic, energized always and be a number one world leader to make India great super power country in the world. We need you for long time as PM. Sir one election  for MP,MLAs, Muncipality will save lot of money of India. You only can make this Big Changes. So good luck sir. We all Indians will support your good Move for the nation. 
0 0 I am feeling very glad to wishing birthday to our great prime minister MR NARENDRA MODI JI. HAPPY BIRTHDAY 🎂 DEAR PRIME MINISTER JI. Please blessing us continuously. U r doing such a great job to stable our nation in world 🌍 powerfully and we r stepping to be a develop country in the 🌍. Soöoooöooo please do it continuously we r with u. 
0 0 I greet our Hon'ble Prime Minister Modiji A HAPPY BIRTHDAY.Yes, it is a very good idea to hold simultaneous elections both to the Lok Sabha and state legislative assemblies simultaneously as it will save crores of rupees to the already poor country, where millions of people are deprived of proper food, clothing & housing.  By-elections to a few seats here & there is ok,losing of majority & conducting re-elections has to be avoided by imposing president's rule till the term of the house completes 
0 0 Simultaneous Elections are must now, to save money , time , manpower. All needs to work for the betterment of life of common man. Hope it will be implemented at the earliest 
0 0 We are residing in a big state i.e. U.P. but also having my  home at Vadodara  and all relatives in Gujarat,I am able to understand both the states,So I am giving some suggestions for the development of our country , which is not possible without doing development in U.P. .In State U.P. and in central , same goverment must be there for doing work and development. 
0 0 For U.P. elections and also for the development of our country and for the victory of BJP in U.P., finally I am giving some suggestions , to our Party workers and leaders . Please read and arrange for this if you realy interested for the big victory of BJP in U.P. . U.P. is very big state and without this it is very difficult to work for the development of country. I resides in U.P. but being a Gujarati family I know about  local issues which give satisfaction to all ,in U.P. as well as Gujarat. 
0 0 Kaaam tabhi to kar sakenge jab satta me honge. jab defeat ho jaayegi , jo ki dikh raha hai , to phir kaaam kaise karenge. Samay rahte nai sudhrenge to result hame mil jaayege. These are very cruel words but actuality. Kahte hain na ki SAMAY RAHTE NAI SUDHRENGE TO SAMAY HAME SUDHAAR DEGA. I request all leaders to come in their area more and more and do some work atleast to satisfy the people by their work and development. 
0 0 Sir, I am very happy to say that our PM Sri Modi ji is doing his work in very very energetic and appreiciable way , this I am not saying these are the words of people from every part of our country includinig U.P. also.But it is also true that BJP leaders are not in contact with the persons of their area and they are not performing upto the mark where to satisfy the people. When there will be defeat of BJP in U.P. then what is advantage of being very active and having so many qualities in them. 
0 0 It is urgent to write and tell about the situation of U.P.as elections are very near but without any appreciable work some leaders are going to take advantages of other opposition party leader's attitudes of not doing work. 
0 0 I am surprised that why all BJP leaders have left this important State U.P. without any work . I am not saying that zero work has been done in this state. But it is also true that here leaders are not performing their role good. They are out of contact of people . Internal condition for BJP is not good in this state as people are happy with working of BJP in U.P. . Samaz waadi party has also not done any work but they are going to take advantage of no work by BJP leaders in this state. 
0 0 Mujhe ye kahna pad raha hai kyoki , realy present government has only plannings if they won and come back .And people are not understanding this. Jab kisi ko baar baar galat suchna bhi milti jaayegi to ye to natural hai ki yakeen hone ki shuruaaat hone lagti hai. Issi formulae ko shayad local yaha ke newspapers bhi apply kar rahe hain. U.P. election are very important from the progress point of view of our country. So no one should take this election in light. Samay rahte kuch nai kiya to kya? 
0 0 Ye to bahot galat ho raha hai bhaai, ki kisi ko walk over mil jaane ki ummeed ho jaaye , kyoki U.P. BJP leaders ne bhi kaam dikhaya hi nai apna. Pata nai saare U.P. BJP leaders hain kaha? Koi bhi apne region me aata hi nai kabhi? Akele Modi ji kaise kaam karenge jab baaki log support hi nai karenge. Hamare PM to apna kaaam bahot hi sundar kar rahe hain . Every one have desire this PM upto atleast 20 years more. But where are other BJP leaders in U.P. who are very senior leaders of his state. 
0 0 Yes, I support that elections for state and central to take place simultaneous. It saves lot of manhours and money. This will increase the political stability of our country.  Managing the show is most important and that needs to be taken care 
0 0 First of all Happy Birth day to our great PM. Now on topic . Ye kya kar rahe hain ham???? U.P. Election are very near. 5 saal beet gaye Samazwaadi party ke shashan ko. No any work in U.P. Specially in Eastern U.P. , Saare news paper lag gaye hain galat advertisement me, people are being misguided. Abhi tak kaha . Ye election aaate hi kya ho gaya. kAAm kahi dikh hi nahi raha hai lekin satta paksh kah raha hai hamne bahot kaam kar diye. Aisa kya ho gaya hai U.P me? Bahot rojgaar de diye,kisko? 
0 0 Simultaneous polls for the Lok sabha are advisable even if the house is dissolved owing to any reason. Elcetions for the Assemblies should not be clubbed with Lok sabha process. However, the Gneral elections for any State Assembly shall be conducted simultaneously to get the same benefits as for Lok sabha. 
0 0 sirf lokshabha our rajjya shabha hinahi balki bharat ke grampanchayat se lekar sansad tak ke election k sath ho jisse  sabhi partyi ko 5 year tak kam karne ka muka mile na ki o 5 month ke bad dusra rajya jitna hai to us tareke se work kare hamare desh me neta 5 sal tak election ke mood me hota hai iski election prosisor me change kar ke hi sudhar sakte hai 
0 0 A welcome step and a long standing demand of  our times. But first, we have to get the existing tenures in sync, so that when simultaneous elections are held for the first time, most legislative assemblies have completed at least 3 to 7 years of their respective tenures.  So that by 2019 or 2020, all assemblies / parliament, have completed their respective tenures of 3-7 years. Major Constitution Ammendment is needed for this. 
0 0 Not only elections to Loksabha and states be held simultaneously but also on a FIXED DATE always.,TERM same 5 years.To ensure there is a govt it can be majority vote and need not be 50+ % votes.To make things more authentic for all seats it can be the league with elemination of all except the TOP TWO VOTE GETTERS TO FIGHT AS KNOCKOUT ,SO THAT THE REPRESENTATIVE HAS A 50+ VOTE SHARE ALWAYS. IN COURSE OF A FEW CYCLES AMALGAMATION OF PARTIES WILL TAKE PLACE LEAVING JUST TWO OR THREE PARTIES TO CONT 
1 0 Please find attachment 
0 0 India need to focus on election system which consumes most of the time and the funds for states are also distributed accordingly.If all elections will be completed within a week, the government will be free to make decisions and will not be vote bounded.It is a good initiative by our PM for requesting election commission to work on such an management system for elections so that public would be more benificial by that system 
1 0 It is very desirable, but it needs to be preceded by Electoral reforms,such as: - Only recognised National political parties should stand for Lok sabha elections and recognised State parties, for State elections. - Make formation of prepoll alliances mandatory, to limit the contestants to 3/4 per constituency. - Limit the effect of state parties on Central legislation by curbing the Rajya Sabha's role. 
1 0 REALLY IT IS VERY GOOD IDEA FOR OUR NATION.I KNOW THAT HOW MUCH MONEY IS REQUIRED TO CONDUCT ELECTION.SIMULTANEOUS ELECTION WILL SAVE MONEY FOR OUR NATION.IT WILL ALSO SAVE TIME & VAST ARRANGEMENT BEHIND IT.I HOPE THAT NEXT ELECTION WILL BE SIMULTANEOUS. 
1 0 big reform for democracy and a step towards saving public money. fully supported........! 
0 0 There is serious concern over the ever growing number if corruption cases and it is high time citizens came together to tell their government that they have had enough. As corruption in govt. run organisations has become the order of the day from the last two decades. 
0 0 At present the seats are reserved only for SC/ST's in Legislatures and Parliament.  A constitutional amendment would be required to extend reservations to the OBC's to have a true Democratic setup.  Hence extending reservation to OBC's in legislature and Parliament is needed. 
1 0 Simultaneous election for Vidhan sabha and lok sabha is really a very good idea for our nation, to sync state and central gov toward development of nation, it also save money of country, avoid diversion of election time for different state in diffident time. 
0 0 In democracy most of the decision influenced in the period of election. vast country like india where every year some states have election so  central government also not able to take decision properly. also huge amount used in election i.e only wastage of money. so simultaneous election help in the growth of India.#SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov 
1 0 These are my views. In short, it would be a great idea, but would require lots of planning and coordinated execution. 
0 0 Holding Simultaneous elections is a good initiative and in my view it should be in two phases -  one phase is Center and State elections and other phase is Municipal Corporation, Panchayat elections. Each phase should be conducted separately with in a year only at a gap of 6 months. Also over a period of time, the voter ID should be bar coded, so that where ever a person in the country is at the time of elections, he or she can cast a vote, its like CBS and utilize post offices as voting centers 
0 0 These are my views.. 
0 0 yes it is the need of the hour 
1 0 Very happy birth day our PM Manneey shr. NARENDRS MODI SIR 
1 0 YES. Pls implement as soon as possible. 
1 0 yes, because it helpful and it also saves lot of money of nation. like we need to deploy police force 2 times for loksabha and vidhan sabha but if both election takes at same time then it save money to deploy forces. its just an exaple by which we can save money. 
1 0 Simultaneous elections for both LOK SABHA and Respective state governments must be introduced to reduce the rampant corruption and to bring transperancy in election which will reduce the burden of ECI as well as for us too. And most important, to cut the govt expenses wasted in huge amount by some new and corrupted political parties. 
1 0 Simultaneous Elections are MUST to save the public from draining every six-month. Taxes are increasing day by day. Govt is not trying to cut -down their wasteful expenditure.Please cut-down other govt expenses (such as Govt guest houses, govt bungalows, dedicated cars to officers etc. etc. ) and let the govt employee live like private employees live. 
0 0 HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR 
1 0 YES I SUPPORT SIMULTANEOUS ELECTIONS ACROSS BHARAT. ONE BHARAT ONE TIME ELECTION ACROSS BHARAT. IT WILL HELP IN DEVELOPMENT INSTEAD OF SEEING ELECTIONS IN ONE OR THE OTHER PART EVERY MONTH. 
1 0 Support, we might finally see good gorvernence and not politics induced governence. 
0 0 आपले लाडके व भारत देशाचे पंतप्रधान श्री नरेंद्र मोदी साहेब यांना वाढदिवसाच्या भगव्या शिव शुभेच्या... 
2 0 It will be a great step towards nation building.I fully support. 
1 0 https://www.facebook.com/FollowingElectoralReformsIndiaNeedsUrgently/?re.... 
2 0 It will be good idea to have simultaneously both MP& MLA elections at the same. It will same money and logistic issue. 
1 0 we should have one person can stand in one constituency. The person who is standing in election should have minimum degree. These are basis and of course simultaneous elections both in centre and state  level is always welcome. Reduces expenses and wastage of time. 
1 0 This simultaneous elections discussions are of prime importance. For sure we appreciate that someone is thinking about this after 60 years of independence. I strongly recommend that during the next session of parliament this must be included as on of the important point for discussions & all political parties should put forward their respective view points. The main point is this will bring biggest ever reform in Indian democracy.Each government then will get a fair chance. 
1 0 Dear Sir, It is an excellent idea to have national and state elections together 1.This would reduce cost of election campaining, security measures, counting and other activities. 2.There are high chances that whichever party is doing good will be elected both national and state elections - thus making it majority in both the houses. Will be easier to pass bills. 3.If we can include some scheme benefits for voting it will encourage people to vote. Also, use of Aadhar can be improvised. 
1 0 Sir, I am Anand Chitale, from Chiplun, Maharashtra. Holding simultaneous elections for Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha is a best idea. Reforms in election systems are needed, I think this could be the first step in this direction. Like GST Bill, all political parties be convinced, and let the simultaneous elections be held in 2019. 
0 0 With technology it is possible now to organize 3 tier election in one go. Government should also consider raising seats in parliament and assemblies. Even a uniform criteria can be maintained for reorganization of constituencies. Runner ups in elections can be also adjusted by creating another house. 
2 0 I think that Electoral reform in India is vital . Simultaneous voting for Vidhan Sabha and Lok Sabha will be a great time saver for the country. In addition  we should consider 1. Charter of Budget Honesty 2. Funding and Capping of Elections 3. Transparency of Sources of Funding 4. Limitation on Number of consecutive terms  from same seat (for example 4) 5. Requirement of A independent publishing of Report Card  the Work done by Each MP and MLA  in Parliament and In constituency 
1 0 Its a great idea and will be cost and time saving. 
1 0 PM Sir, Only you can take this bold step and get all political parties to accept simultaneous elections. Only a very small minority will be opposed to this step. The people on India will be willingly accept this move. What is needed is the political will to acumen to get all the political parties to agree to this. All the best Sir - and I am your big FAN. 
0 0 respected sir iam tamilnadu willing to tourist bus in tamilnadu but rule route bus owners only operating tourist busses so high range of hiring their please arrange all  of operating tourist bus kerala is best but tn very worst bus service 
0 0 In my view this idea to be implement from next election onward saving country economy, Task, Time, Manpower. Detail attached in file 
0 0 Respected Brother, I am 69 years old and I feel Proud to Call you as my own Brother as I am the only son of my Parents and my only elder Sister Stays in U.K. I am not in favor of Changing the Financial year from April-March to January-December as it will affect all People of the Country from various Angles. It would Call for Amendments to existing various Acts and Rules Linked to the Year ending 31 March. Please Drop this Idea at this Juncture as it will Aggravate your further Problems. 
0 0 Please find the attachment. Regards 
0 0 Respected Brother, First I wish you a Very Happy Birthday and may SreeSreeKishna Bless you with a very Long Healthy Peaceful Life with Success in every Front you Step in. I appreciate the Idea to hold Parliamentary and State Assembly Elections be held Simultaneously at Time to be fixed on Years in Advance. If Election is found necessary during the Interim Period, the Term of the Government would Lapse on the next year of Elections so fixed in Advance. It will save Man-days Money and everything. 
0 0 Adhaar number based online voting system should be developed for transparent and the election should be done on same time in all over india. integrated voting system for developed india. there should be Higher education qualification for lok sabha and vidhan sabha. 
0 0 Pls refer to the file attached here with for my views on this. 
0 0 Will indirect election of the Civic chief represent the WILL of Locals? Can such a Head take up the Local issues with the Gov't (may be his/her Party's) or safeguard the Party's interests? Is a local body member a Public Servent under service rules Or who is accountable to the people of the Locality? Will a Govt Executive officer who is accountable to the service rules can have a say on things under these u/strong Politician's wrists-CM-Minister-MLA -MC..? 
0 0 Excellant measure having huge impact socially & economically. Mr. PM, if any one can do it (like GST) it would be only u and like GST it would be path-breaking political reform of Independant India 
0 0 Yes, we should have elections at same time. Money saved mechanism. Election will be more interesting, every state govt will have comparison at same time that will force them to perform well. #simultaneouselections 
1 0 Yes the loksabha and vidhansabha elections should be done simultaneously by this the time,money and wastage of govt machinery will be stopped. One big thing there will be a lots of progress 
1 0 नमस्कार, में मित्तबैलु वामन् नायक् हूँ, मंगळूरु  कर्णाटक से , में आपके विचार से सहमत हूँ, इससे आम जनता का मेहनत से कमाया हुआ पैसे का बचाव होता है । जै हिंद ,वंदे मातरं, ಜಯ ಕರ್ಣಾಟಕ #Simultaneouselections ,#Electioncommission,#MyGov 
0 1 my self umamaheswari .r iam a nagai district Secretary `in BJP PATRY. india is only country have lot of youngsters but the are not intrested to discuss about politics except metroplitens. especially on rurel areas. so we need to educate awareness about necessity of politics. its develop our nation with great strength in all sectors. im proud to be an one of  the youngster in INDIA. "BARATH MATHA KI JAI" 
1 0 In pan India election should take place once in five year , it will save time and money. It will also help to reduce fiscal deficit. All political parties should sit together and pave way for it. 
1 0 I support this decision... a very great initiative... by. Modi...the political parties will concentrate on administration... rather than politics... 
0 0 Yes. It is a great idea that can stop a lot of wastage of money and spare the people and leaders both from the perpetual elections. 
1 0 implementation of great  such idea , i doubt will be acceptable to political parties , as elections  and no of elections  increase their  pocket and corruptions  in system , and loosing such chance ,will not digest  them 
0 0 not only we, 125 crore human resource will be thank full,but future generation  for millions of year will remain thank full on implementation of simultaneous election 
0 0 it is the need of the hour that both loksabha and assembly elections should be simultaneously 
0 0 1.simultaneous elections is need of time-saves money,labour,expenditure,public movement only one time,avoids repeated change of duties,less holidays,less damage to industry,one time waste of precious material like paper & electricity etc.2.the trouble will be only at bigining.3.yes only fixed terms.4.the second in runup be nominated as MP/MLA.5.president law for remaining period with governing council of higher authorities & governors. 
0 0 Yes. I agree with the all India elections centre state and panchayat level simultaneously 
0 0 1. Yes, this should be the next big reform in line with GST - One Election all India be it a state or centre. #MyGov 2. If a government falls, Governor's/ President's rule applies for the remaining period. This will stop all the horse trading and corruption in government formation. #SimultaneousElections 3. One other point they should add is all people who contest election should have a basic level of education, atleast a degree? #ElectionCommission 
0 0 Yes !! definitely that will be a good move !!...that will help in saving lot of expenditure that is wasting many political parties in their campaigns and also serves national interest. 
0 0 The idea of holding simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas is very much laudable and need of the hour.There is no doubt about loosing precious timing of Central Govt in conducting Vidhan Sabhas election as central Govt can't announce any measure policy while any state is in election period and cumulative 28 states election make the situation worse.I am uploading blue print of my suggestion.Please have a look and if it looks good then we can go through in details . 
0 0 big reform for democracy and a step towards saving public money. full support........ 
0 0 It must had been done long back but as it goes "its never too late", be it be done now. It will not only save the money that is paid in form of taxes by the citizens of the country but also there will be less burden on the election commission. Of course, we will also be free from the ever on going elections in some or other part of the country and there will be more time for politicians to think of the development of the country rather than being busy in elections all the time. 
0 0 Definitely YES! It would be nice if these elections are conducted using digital technology possible to the best of extent and may be implemented in phases seeing the diversity of our citizens. 
0 0 yes, it is demand of time. no more have time daily for election. in our country half time of gov. spend in election and code of observation. unfortunattely all loses bear normal public. so i am agree that mp and mla election may be simultaneous. 
0 0 YES! Definitely the elections should be held simultaneously. Also the electronic voting machines should be be used in 100% of the booths. More stringent norms should be made for the campaigning so that there is least amount of damage/defacing/disfiguring to public property. All kinds of positive reforms will be helpful. 
0 0 Yes, and a very emphatic YES. It will still be only a small step toward the BIG dream of Good Governance - which means "doing" not just blah..blah... Election Commission must think of critical reforms, to save democracy from a state resembling anarchy that prevails in many - almost all - states, e.g. J&K, UP, Bihar, Karnataka, Delhi... If we don't, God also does not save us! 
0 0 Yes, and a very emphatic YES.  It will still be only a small step toward the GIG dream of Good Governance - which means "doing" not just blah..blah...  Election Commission must think of critical reforms, to save democracy from a state resembling anarchy that prevails in many - almost all - states, e.g. J&K, UP, Bihar, Karnataka, Delhi... If we don't, God also does not save us! 
0 0 Simultaneous Elections of Lok Sabha & all Vidhan Sabhas will not save our time and huge amount of money burden on our country but if elections done with the help of computer network technology, it will surely eliminate the influence of muscle & money power in our elections. If any government falls in between this tenure then the new government formed (either by proving majority or by fresh mid-term-election) should remain for only that remaining period of original 5 year term which is left. 
0 0 Good initiative. this definitely save money & time. I really appreciate this move 
0 0 Really appreciate this step...a great idea..totally agreed 
0 0 This is a great idea to hold simultaneous elections for the Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabhas to save time, money, efforts of Govt. Machinery as well as citizens. If resources are required more to conduct elections simultaneously; this can be conducted in some phases in 2-3 month's time frame. Definitely this will eliminate haphazard situation and give more political stability & focused approach on development rather than unwanted whole time uncertainty. Applying Technology in elections may help 
0 0 This will really a game changer for every India and India as a nation .Hope all political party should come forward and support this Initiative by Our beloved PM Modi Ji . Nation First ..Jai Hind. 
0 0 Simultaneous elections is very good idea.It will save time and money for our country.Also the government will be able to implement its programs and policies in an efficient manner.Though we are a diverse country with 29 states, conducting simultaneous elections will bring out a clear national leader/national party to take the country into a correct direction 
0 0 even if ur doctors & master trainers do not know (lack of knowledge/ignorance) about the health & yoga science why ? TELL TO ALL INDIAN ABOUT THE SUPERNATURAL LIFE DIVINE LOVE OMNIPRESENT SOUL OMNIPOTENT BODY IMMORTAL LOVE SPIRITUAL JOY,HARMONY,ECSTASY, EQUANIMITY TO GENERATE RIGHT DEVOTION RIGHT FAITH RIGHT VIEWS SCIENTIFIC SPIRITUALITY IN THEIR HEART. TO SAVE SAFE PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT EARTH WILD LIFE ELECTRICITY WATER FUELS-PETROL DIESEL GASES, TO PROMOTE DONATION OF ORGANS-EYES etc.after d 
0 0 100000000 RS. CORRUPTION IS GOING ON IN INDIA AT ALL THE STATES BUT THERE IS NO QUALITIES IMPROVEMENTS SKILLS DEVELOPMENT & INCREMENTALIST IN DISEASE & DIFFICULTIES & PROBLEMS-POPULATION POLLUTION ECONOMIC CRIME,PROSTITUTION,TRAFFIC,TERROR,POORNESS, DIRTINESS, BLIND BELIEVES,FAITH,WRONG TRADITIONS ILLEGAL ACTION WORKS IN INCREASING REGULARLY. ALL OF UR NOT FIT ABLE CAPABLE TO MAKE SUITABLE APPROPRIATE INTELLIGENT,UNIQUE,FORESIGHT,PLAN,POLICIES,STRATEGY TO SOLVE ALL PROBLEMS OF INDIA ?even if ur 
0 0 NO THIS IS A BAD IDEA FOR CONDUCTING BOTH ELECTION IN ONE TIME BECAUSE THE MAIN VOTERS ARE FROM THE OLD AGE, AND HOW MANY OLD AGED PEOPLE ARE LITERATE OR THEY THINK WHICH PERSON CAN WORK OR WHICH PARTY CAN WORK. WE SAY THAT YOUTH WILL CHANGE THE FUTURE BUT I DO NOT THINK SO BECAUSE ALL THE OLD AGED PEOPLE ARE VOTING MAXIMUM NUMBERS. 
0 0 100000000 RS. CORRUPTION IS GOING ON IN INDIA AT ALL THE STATES BUT THERE IS NO QUALITIES IMPROVEMENTS SKILLS DEVELOPMENT & INCREMENTALIST IN DISEASE & DIFFICULTIES & PROBLEMS-POPULATION POLLUTION ECONOMIC CRIME,PROSTITUTIONS,TRAFFIC,TERROR,POORNESS, DIRTNESS, BLIEND BELIEVES,FAITH,WRONG TRADITIONS ILLEGAL ACTION WORKS IN INCRASING REGULARLY. ALL OF UR NOT FIT ABLE CAPABLE TO MAKE SUITABLE APPROPRIATE INTELLIGENT,UNIQUE,FORESIGHT,PLAN,POLICIES,STRATEGY TO SOLVE ALL PROBLEMS OF INDIA ?even if ur 
0 0 In Gujarat Schools are forcing the children to get A ADDHAR & open bank account. What is the meaning of getting ADDHAR card of Schooling children and getting open their accounts in banks ? Can anyone clarify me the vision behind it. 
0 0 yes its very good for nation 
0 0 my dear prime minister i see you in t.v. many people arround you they click photo with you and post on social media i want to know kya muje bhi aapke sath photo click krne ka mauka milega 
0 0 Yes "think for the nation", both  state and country elections should be simulteneous.  Lot of money can be saved which will improve our country's economics. 
1 0 இரு தேர்தலையும் ஒரே சமயத்தில் நடத்தலாம். 
1 0 Theoretically and financially, its a good idea, it will lead to much more order and reduce expenses. But we must all realise that it will lead to merging of mindset with which people vote in Loksabha and in Vidhansabha election. Both are fought on different issues, regional issues are different and are as important to local people as national issues. Simultaneous election would be unfairly unfavourable to regional parties, as they don't generally have pan-India outlook. 
0 0 It is desirable to hold simultaneous elections to Parliament and assemblies. the political leadership will no longer be in election mode all through the five years in one state or other and not finding time for governance. Tenure of assemblies should be co-terminus with the Parliament in the first instance. Bring in legislation to this effect. There should be stricter anti-defection laws in place to ensure that the elected government has a mandate to rule for a fixed term. 
0 0 I think simultaneous elections to the Loksabha and assembly is an excellent idea. That way the govt that is formed in state and Center will have some connections and will work together and complement each other. It will also save crores in expenditure for the conduct of the elections. It will also save many man-hours for the staff on duty and security staff. 
0 0 yeah it will be good for country because political parties are always busy in their election companion there focus on the country is less due to repeatative election simultaneously election will help out in making such issue 
0 0 If you have elections simultaneously, it would save the country from repeated breaks caused by election notifications when no development works or announcements can take place. It would also help in installing both state and central government of the same party which would ensure better coordination. 
0 0 Yes it is really good idea to have both elections at the same time. Lot of money can be saved which will improve our country's economics. The Government employees mainly the teachers will be saved from so many hassles of election process. Electors and general public can also reduce their botheration. 
1 0 First We should make sure the upcoming election must be biometric...This will do away with bogus voters and mafia involvement for bogus voting...Now Govt have all the data in the form of Adhaar so it can be combined with election commission data. We should celebrate Election as Democratic Festival  (one month) which will enable everyone to participate in this mega festival which should come every 5th year both for State Assemblies and Loksabha. 
0 0 it is good to be held simultaneous elections for parliament and vidhan sabha but is it possible for EC to handle this type of election? if EC can then its a good idea. 
0 0 No. Election of Lok Sabha and state Vidhan Sabha should not take place simultaneously. Both the election are held on different issue. If the election take place together the voter will get confused. It will be difficult for them to analyze the two issues critically. It must be taken into consideration that our voter are not highly educated. The voter may get influence by the local issue and vote against the party who can save the national interest in better way. 
0 0 I think there should be only One election in 5 years this will not only save money but also save wastage of valuable time of all. 
0 0 We can utilize  the huge amount money to develop the  infrastructure if we avoid the frequent elections.It is a very good suggestions. 
0 0 Yes we should have simultaneous elections of both assemblies. First lot of expenses can be saved which will ultimately improve the country economics. Govt Employees mainly the teachers will be saved from lot of burden of elections. Even the voters can do two types of voting in one go. However regional parties have to work hard for their existence as this method can make regional parties weaker. But in long run National parties and National agendas are good for all Indians. 
0 0 I agree to conduct one election for Parliamentary  and state elections. 
0 0 Yes we should have simultaneous elections of both assemblies. First lot of expenses can be saved which will ultimately improve the country economics. Govt Employees mainly the teachers will be saved from lot of burden of elections. Even the voters can do two types of voting in one go. However regional parties have to work hard for their existence as this method can make regional parties weaker. But in long run National parties and National agendas are good for all Indians. 
0 0 India needs to have minimum number of elections; simultaneous elections for all elected bodies. Members once elected would have a full five year term if disqualified/ dies, the seat be kept unoccupied for the remainder term. In addition we neeed to work out a mechanism to complete all elections in a max of one week's time. The Armed Forces should be incorporated to provide security where ever needed to augment the state and central police. 
1 0 I think we should have 2 election season in 5 year period of time, each imterval at 2& half year. And any government if dissolve between this two and a half year interval, can compete election in upcoming election season which will come in every 2 and 1/2 year. 
0 0 All State elections should be done simultaneously and with a gap of 2 to 3 years Parliamentary Election should be held.Because state have their own issues for election which are different from national issues/matters. 
1 0 All state assembly elections should be done simultaneously to reduce election cost, time but not along with Parliament election.As Parliament elections are dominated by National parties and if State Assembly elections and Parliament elections done simultaneously, It will beneficial for National Parties but It mostly causes loss for Regional Party.So, According to me, Parliament elections and All state assembly elections should be done at different time. 
0 0 yes m agree 
0 0 Fully Agree to have State as well as National Elections together to save time as well as cost 
1 0 I fully agree to take both parliament election and state assembly election together, this would reduce the overall cost of carrying out election , save time profoundly for all Hon. ministers, Govt. officials/employees, Election commission  who are involved with the election process. It may happen that some state govt. or political party may have to compromise on running the state for shorter period than desired, but for long run it shall help every single citizen of India. 
0 0 It is the need of the hour. Constant manipulations of the system by fringe parties will stop for ever. Additionally fixed terms for governments also must. The heads of Governments and team can change based on their utility/achievements. 
0 0 It will save money and can be utilized on the rural area for development.Just think about on the matter more 
0 0 A simultaneous elections of Parliament & state assemblies will be a great saver for time, cost & manpower , which could be used for economic development of the country. This will certainly reduce the cost of democracy & would make India a welfare democracy. 
0 0 If country like India can celebrate the 26 January, 15 August throughout the nation on same day, so why not the "Election Day" be celebrated by on particular date by excising the Right to Vote. #SimultaneousElections, #ElectionCommission, #MyGov 
0 0 What will be the decision when no Party comes to ruling either at Central or State? This is not a correct way in democracy. 
0 0 This is a wonderful initiative taken by the Hon.Prime Minister. This saves lot of expenditure to the Government. It also saves lot of tome to public representatives and law makers to think over such initiatives in future for overall development of the country. Everyone should support this as the Hon. President of India has already commended it. 
0 0 My thoughts are attached herewith. 
0 0 Sir, All election from Panchayat to Parliament can be held in Nov/Dec. 2023.Weather will be suitable throughout country, no exam schedule for students either. Curruption tgrough fund raising for all parties will thus be only once in 5 years, instead of for every election held on annual basis. In case of hung election results, formation of a national Govt will have to be mandatory. Even4 no confidence motion adopted, this option only be made available by law. All elections now on Bvalid tillNov23 
0 0 i am much supportive to this initiative to discuss the simultaneous elections for Lokshabha and vidhan sabha,As it will stop the drainage of giant wealth to cunduct elections all the time for different states and will also increase the focus of govts. towards developement rather to play political games,rallies etc  for upcoming elections. Hope for such progressive changes to our political systems. 
1 0 In my opinion holding elections of Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sasabha toghether is quite desirable the reason being control in Govt expenditure, concentration in state's as well nation development process, healthy decision making process and last but not the least strengthen our democracy with voters power 
0 0 yes simultaneous elections are desirable and my views on the procedure are enclosed in the png file Moreover regarding this site doc file attachment should also be provided as genrally the comment section is not providing enough space 
0 0 I am very much agree on that proposal. 
0 0 I am agree on that proposal. 