0 0 And greene fuel is made available to all the users and the country saves substantial precious Forex ! I am volunteering myself for this project if you consider it worth giving it a thought ! Thanking you 
0 0 Those vehicles will in other parts of the country and pollute there ! I wish to bring to your notice that there are some products available in the market which reduce vehicular pollution to a very great extent . If the state owned OMCs add these products in the fuel itself all the vehicles will get the benefit of fuel savings and less emissions . Hon'le Finance Minister in his last budget has increased ED on such branded fuels by Rs. 2.50 per litre .that is more revenue for the govt. 
0 0 Respected Minister Of Petroleum & natural Gas , This refers to the recent decision / suggestion of NGT ( National Green Tribunal ) that in Delhi NCR diesel engines vehicles of more than 10 yrs will /should not allowed to ply on roads . I wish to bring to your notice that if this is implemented people owning such vehicles will be at a great loss because they will have to replace those with new vehicles . These vehicles which are more than 10 years old will not be scrapped ! 
5 0 Namaste, India must go for Waste to energy to save oil, gas, coal etc. and to save envionment. India has huge amount of municipal waste which is currently disposed by landfilling. The same MSW can be converted into electricity through gasifier. Through this we can save fuel and can make our environment cleaner. MSW faification has huge potential and We are far far behind in this area. 
1 0 respected sir, please keep the petrol price constant at list three months. for road furniture, you include some money in this price. people are wainting for toll off on every road. they have a keen interest in this. so you can cover this cost in petrol price. see any other factor that you get some additional income and it will help to promate the public transport.people aretalking negativeabout your party , they say they donot know how impresses the public. some little changes in the day today l 
6 0 There can be multiple ways for conservation. few of them are - 1. People to be encouraged to use public transport. Provide better public transport - AC buses, Metro etc. 2. Use of solar energy. It should be compulsary for all new colonies for common lighting. 3. Rain water harvesting - It should be compulsary fao all new housing projects to have rain water harvesing system. 4. Use electric driven cars. The same should be made cheaper by cutting duties & taxes all over India. 
0 0 Honorable Defense Minister, In defense organisation work place and residence area are in nearby each other but defense personals uses four wheeler or two wheeler which is neither good for their fitness nor for import of petroleum product.There are lakhs of defense personals.There should be release a order by head of staff that if the work place is under 5 km from residence area then personals should not use car or bike for coming to duty it will save petrol and fitness of Javaans.    Jai Hind. 
2 0 Place a water pump which can send the water on the top of the building and have a water tank on the terrace with a capacity of 50000 liters. Now just drop the water through a pipe with high speed jet on the turbines and they will rotate and produce electricity. This will be enough to light up the building, use to run the lift, air conditioners ets. And also surplus electricity to be sold to other smaller buildings. 
1 0 Idea for Power Generation Hi, My idea is to erect water turbines on every building which has a height of more than 30 meters at a distance of 10 meters each. So if a building has a height of 100 meters then install 10 water turbines in a single line 1 below each at a distance of 10 meters. Now have 1 water tank below on the ground floor with a capacity of 50000 liters. 
0 0 & we can use food waste material also we can use this method why we not using methods 
0 0 Here shown how to produce electricity in home. i hope this helpful to you sir 
1 0 Aaderniye pradhan mantri ji gas subsidy par aapne kaha ki jo bhi bharatiya apne bhojan pakane ka kharch vehan kar sakta hai use gas subsidy surrender kar deni chahiye sriman ji mein aaj ki paristhiti ke anurup subsidy surrender kar sakta hoon lekin mein ye janna chahta hoon ki bhagwan na kare agar meri aarthik sthiti thik na rahe to kya mein dobara se ye suvidha pane ka haqdar hunga ya nahi ? Aur hnha sir ji parliament me jo mp"s ko sastha  khana mil raha hai wo bhi bhartiyono ko chubh raha ha 
0 0 Jai Hind sir       is this possible to make all vehicle run by 3 energy example one car having  CNG + BATTERY + SOLAR PLEAT Cobain engine totally pollution free end Eco friendly car for new Bharat you can ask company to work on this kind of Engine 
0 0 Shri.Modijee, Let us try and promote the positive aspect of beef ban. Cattle which is termed as useless for farming, dairy and other physical activities could be used for its 'cattle dung'to generate bio-gas. Bio gas is a best option for house hold cooking, at least in rural areas.Only challenge being its storage and transportation.LPG saved thus can be sold in urban areas for automotive purpose (CNG supply is insufficient)at non-subsidized rates. We can save a big amount of foreign exchange. 
0 0 population threat is more dangerous than terrorism in our country. Control them, it will automatically reduce so many problems of the country. Frame justified law to control it. Reduce use of subsidised fuel by quota system as per income group. Provide better access to cooking gas through hassle-free door delivery on demand to those who give up subsidy as reciprocal arrangement. 
0 0 while i agree to the suggestion of giving up the subsidy by the affluent, may I suggest to convey the same to our elected representatives at central and states to give up all their perks and freebies enjoyed at the cost of exchequer or even to withdraw all the perks and subsidies enjoyed by them at one stroke and also to rein in them to follow all the laws and rules followed by the common man. I think with this, there will be some semblance in the coiuntry to start with. 
0 0 why not ask politicians to pay for all medical services, Z-security, food and amenities, foreign and domestic travel they enjoy  with families and huge delegations 
0 0 why not ask politicians to not take fat honorariums from Parliament as all they do is break furniture in the house, do rowdy behavior, make unnecessary demonstrations to stall house proceedings. why not ask politicians not to get highly subsidized food in all assemblies and the Parliament also. why not ask politicians not to occupy highly luxurious mansions at nation's cost? why not ask politicians to pay for all medical services, Z-security, food and amenities, travel they enjoy 
0 0 Right from birth to death every Indian is preached save this and save that..why no neta is preached anything?Politicians can afford to enjoy life at our costs?Indian citizens are already bearing the brunt of one scam after another,still no neta has ever been booked.Legal authorities will NEVER find any evidence to book any neta at all, and that is an unwritten LAW.Why no appraisal of ministers work is done for all the amenities he enjoys?Netas are always above law ? 
0 0 Modiji-all the Gyan is meant for citizens only or something is for the netas also?Netas who once enter politics enjoy a lifelong picnic..free food,free housing in mansions with amenities we cant even dream of,free security,free top class medical care, free travel etc etc all at nation's  costs? 
0 0 Modiji is appealing to the public to leave the domestic gas subsidy so that netas can enjoy longer motorcades with that money?Why cant Modiji tell the politicians not to draw honorariums from the Parliament when actually what they do it break furniture,do walkouts,do tamaashas,watch porn in the Parliament?Why cant Modiji be fair and just?Why cant Modiji make the errant netas who break furniture and do rowdy behavior in parliament and state assemblies work/ earn and repay for the losses? 
0 0 India Govt. is very good at preaching "Save Petrol" to its citizens,but all that is preached is not practiced by the netas themselves,when netas go anywhere they have huge motorcades... 15-20 vehicles in front and behind them,then why do they only preach us to "SAVE" why dont they put their speeches into practice and set an example?Netas want huge motorcades with red beacons and sirens and alarms,with Z-Security at public costs, public are only there to "SAVE" everything for the netas? 
0 0 Dear Sir,Please make the prices for Petrolium prodcut for in round figure as we do not have fractions (Paise) in reality , if person fill up Petrol in scooter E.G. Fill up 5 lit at 64.51 rupees as 323 and not 322.55 this loss of 45 Piase do not go into Govt. Treasury, E.G. if sell of Petrol in Country per day is 50 Million ltrs, govt is loosing 22,50,000 rs which is unaccounted and should go in govt Treasury . This way citizen do not have to face frequent hike in prices which may get avoided. 
0 1 Respected sir, As our PM Requesting people to give up subsidies, fine Idea is super but majority of the people may not take positive, what I meant to say is, the people who give up subsidies they must be encouraged by giving some incentives like " Crore Pati of the Month" announce every month one crore pati per district by giving one crore to the family by selecting randomly this may attract the people and will come forward. I hope this Idea will definitely work. Thank you 
0 0 Idea for Urban Planners in Chennai:To ensure the faster development of satellite townships,the need to provide 3rd and 4th railway lines in between Tambaram and Chengulpet (30km) is the need of the hour. I suggest to use the land in  existing alignment of abandoned MG line as elevated corridor with pillar and bridge structure for two more lines to deal with express and goods and leave the present infrastructure for suburban train system.Time and Cost factors and faster commissioning is possible 
0 0 Idea:Need for Policy decision to sanction 3d and 4 th railway lines together at a time (Metro areas to augment suburban system) at once for optimal costs and asset productivity(example:Instead of sanction of 60 km length of  3 railway line,its better to sanction 30km of 3d and 4th line in phase-1 and balance 30km of 3rd and 4th line in Phase-2). 
0 0 Please create Multiple Time Zones in India. Save lot of electricity, fuel which is going as waste now due to Single time zone through out our big country. 
0 1 A Small Poem to encourage people to give up lpg subsidy http://capankajjain.blogspot.com/2015/03/lpg-subsidy-give-it-up.html 
0 0 Om+786 All new roads are to be planned so that there are separate lanes for bi-cycles and pedestrians.People are seldom time-constrained and feel it is not below dignity to reach their office by bi-cycles or on foot if there is road safety. About 50% of daily commuters are expected to use bi-cycles or go on foot if there is safe and favourable roads and paths! Amen. 
0 1 Sir, I am of the firm opinion that use of personal four-wheeler for going office both private and public should be banned. This will not only save petroleum, natural gas, diesel etc but also get the cities rid of traffic problem. Presently payment of Transport allowance is much prevalent in govt. and private sectors. Those who use personal vehicle for going offices should be deprived of Transport allowance baring women employees 
0 0 Sir, I have an idea which I thought should be shared. Sir in production of electricity can be easily solved by making installation of photovoltaic solar panels for new house construction should be made compulsory.Since batteries cost the maximum amount in off grid solar system, people are reluctant.Transferring the electricity back to electricity board with dual line electric meter in case of excess production and receiving electricity from grid in less production and night. 
0 0 Instead of using Coal as a source of power, how about we use natural gas which is more eco friendly.  Also for every state in India we must have a nuclear power plant as that will ensure cheaper electricity for a large consumer base. 
0 1 Dear Prime Minister ji, I know entire world will chase you down like land bill if you introduce the compulsory surrender of LPG subisidy by all MP, MLA, MLC (present as well as past) and class-1 Officers (Centre as well as State). But, i know you can do it also. Regards Surender 
1 0 I WISH TO PUT FORWARD MY PERSONAL OPINION ON GAS SUBSIDY, I REQUEST OUR PRIME MINISTER TO CUT THE GAS SUBSIDIES FOR ALL CLASS ONE EMPLOYEES OF GOVERNMENT SECTOR,SEMI GOVT SECTOR, PRIVATE SECTOR/OR PUT ONE INCOME SLAB UPTO WHICH SUBSIDY CAN BE GIVEN, WITH THIS WE CAN SAVE SUBSTANCIAL AMOUNT OF GOVT ACCOUNT 
0 1 Use bicycles as far as possible in our daily life & use vehicle on need/actual basis, so that petroleum products consumption will reduce. Explore possibilities of getting oil from our nation itself & don't depend on others. Once we are self dependent on these, the rates of daily consumables like food, tptn., etc. will reduce automatically.  For saving of our India Mother, we have to explore and use minimum petroleum products. 
0 1 actually there is a tax rebate given for those coming on 4 wheelers upto rs. 1.5 lakhs which can be reduced and encourage the people to use public transports and tax incentives to be given to them instaed of giving to those using 4 wheelers. if you promote tax incentive for 4 wheeler owners, definitely we have to forget conservation. 
0 1 This is  on voluntary withdrawal of Gas Subsidy. We can very well embrace the social media to encourage people to  spread the message "IDoNotNeedSubsidy" and the saved amount can be passed on to one of social cause like  "Child Education" or "BetiPadhaoBetiBachao". Also total registered Number counter and amount saved can be displayed in the prominent website which will encourage people to better the number. 
0 1 My suggestion is regarding cooking gas cylinders delivered to home. Why not the govt. devise a new plan for consumers to pay online for a cylinder delivered to homes. The PAHAL scheme is a welcome one. But there are no plans to pay the cost of the cylinder online. The consumer can now book a cylinder online and can know the status of the booking, cash transfer and delivery, but he has to pay only by cash during delivery. This results in overcharging by delivery boys which is a burden to consumer 
0 1 Mr N Modi, if the govt can create more awareness for people to save petrol will facts at figures it will make a huge difference. E.g. If you put sign boards and banners at all signals showing that if each person turns of their vehicle for 30seconds it can save upto X amount of fuel per vehicle, so imagine all of India turning their vehicles off at each signal? They will be thousands of litres of fuel saved daily and a lot of air pollution will also reduce. Try this out and see the difference. 
0 1 I think that PM Mr. Narendra Modi Should initiate a program "Cycle(bicycle) Chalao - Paryavarn Bachao Abhiyan" and encourace people of india to ride bicycle for a small distance.This small step has a wide impact,it saves petrol/diesel and also save enviourment.Please look into the matter.Thanks 
0 0 Solar energy devices should be subsidized to encourage usage and bring down installation & running cost. Also all building more than 2 floors to mandatorily have solar heater installation for clearance of building plan 
1 0 Why should Union Govt Cabinet, MP gets continious cheap state power when I have to pay 4/5 time the price to get 24*7 power through diesel genset 
2 0 FM Sir, I think it is not only time to set precedence, like you have opted out for LPG Subsisy, but make it mandatory through law to future MP, PM and minister not to avail such. Strcitly go by your own principle for Pay for What you use for all services. So that mistake like by Previous of govt and current Delhi govt of free power , waiver of loan is never done in future for vote bank politics. 
1 0 Respected PM, its regarding LPG subsidy chodo abhiyan. First let the MPs and MLAs should leave there subsidy on LPG and the food serve on Parliament and also all bureaucrats/Government servant who is in on higher band should mandatory leave the subsidy. If all of you employees of Government of India include state government employee leave there subsidy then our 5-7% target is easily achievable and good message to public will go and the result more people like me will definitely join this event. 
0 0 Upgrade the public transportation system. Public transportation should cost very low so that everyone can afford and should have the good facilities(so that even the rich should favor it). Don't worry about the losses because in long term if more people use the public transportation there will be savings on subsidized fuel, as the fuel consumption falls. 
0 0 pm sir subsidy yojana ko vistar dijiye hum jaise lower middle class or upper middle class ke liye swechha se subsidy chhod sake to usme subsidy ka 50%,25% tak ka bhi vikalp ho to lakho pariwar shamil honge jo desh hit me rahega. 
0 1 In #giveitup initiative please allow citizens to decline subsidy for particular number of cylinfers so ther will be more participation and people can decline subsidy for 1 to 12 cylinders. 
0 0 Respected PM Sir Aap Petrol ke dam 3 re aur deisel ke dam 2re ghata dijiye cng bhi 3 re sasti kar dijiye sudhir chawla newdelhi 
0 0 Reduce Diesel consumption by creating hybrid with renewable energy. Possibly take punitive action against over populating of SUVs which are Diesel & Petrol guzzlers. Popularize hybrid & Electric vehicles.Metro rail should be facilitated more for urban mass transport.Create Cycle tracks in city planning.Facilitate City Gas (LPG) in piping distribution with accurate overall consumption monitoring .Exploit more for natural gas at North East region of india, stop gas flares 
0 0 Sir, It has been observed that apartments , areas, fully charged with PNG have families who have not switched to PNG. It should be made mandatory for PNG charged area to have Piped gas and LPG cylinders and subsidies stopped immediately. It should be made mandatory. I was appalled to see LPG cylinders in my society which has been charged and has PNG users for over four years. 
0 0 sir , all indians if want to save oil & gas  there is no power to destory the  fossile  fuel .i request all the  indians  every body  have  a mood to save oil & gas.if  you use the oil & gas like your blood then it must be conserved 
0 0 I think we need to restrict the use of Govt Vehicle for defence and other civil authorities by restricting the allotement of fule to those authorities....bcz one normal officer is using avarage 3 vehicle for him...his wife and for chieldrens......we should think about it. 
0 0 This will help in saving huge diesel requirement and huge saving to govt. solar & bio gas stove at villages will save kerosene consumption in turn help villagers to save money.  2. Govt to derisk of procuring oil from few countries.  Usage of ETHANOL with petrol & diesel has to take off in big scale which will help the farmers/industries. This will help the govt in the oil bill payment. What was said in the election time should be implemented it shouldn't be a speech during elections. 
0 0 India can be super power if we manage 3 things...1. Fuel (petrol/diesel etc.) 2. Dollar price 3. population growth... Fuel: India has to invest/explore huge oil reserves from NE/Rasjasthan/J&K/Assam & from both the oceans (Indian/Arabian). Govt has to support farmers in cultivating JATROPA Plants to produce Bio fuel. We have untapped resources this needs urgent attention both from Govt & private companies to explore oil. We need to move towards converting all our railway line electrified 
0 0 Now a days we are hearing good news that cow slaughtering is stopping in most of Indian states. And we can use these resources to generate Bio gas from cow dung and make bio gas fuel and Electricity from that bio gas. And best part is that final product we will get as a good organic fertilizer which can be use to make organic farming. And these way we can reduce fuel cost and chemical fertilizer and pesticides. Bonus is that we will get organic foods. 
0 0 The only way to save fuel for future generation is to IMPROVE THE PUBLIC TRANSPORT FACILITIES. People should be made feel like public transport facilities are CHEAPER, SAFER & FASTER. 
0 0 I saw all these big advertisement on conservation of fuels,saving energy. But do we really care about saving such valuable resources? I found the answer to above question as a big NO when I saw bigger ads on fuel stations about giving these valuable and lasting   energy resources, free of cost. Eg. 1000 ka petrol bharwao air saal bhar free petrol paane ka mauka pao. Also we have encouraged people not to save but use more fuels. We are not in a state to encourage people for spending more on fuel. 
0 0 Dear sir, Instead of using fossil fuels can we not use bio fuels.recently scientists in Bangalore have demonstrated a prototype to generate gas using vegetable oil, water and solar power in a reactor.  Half a kg of cooking is sufficient to cook food for 20days for a family. Can we not use such technology and reduce dependence on fossil fuel so that india has alternative solution. 
0 0 Oil & Gas we are get from dead and decaying digging compost. For example:We are getting coal in Andhra Pradesh & T.S from Singarini Mines by digging the coal in this process so many people are dieing by falling into it..... So why to kill a human for conserving petro chemical products my opinion is to use Solar Products. It help us for saving environmental pollution. As petro chemical products are not renewable products so we should give them less priority when compared to solar products. 
0 0 Dear sir, every second, day by day and every year we are using fuels for our own use and it become costly and deficient therefore, i request the govt to use Ethanol to mix in fuel like other countries using. 
0 0 Each and every construction sites made after cutting green belt then each and all terrace of construction sites used with put solar cell and government should make public interest to use public transport instead of bikes and cars. And government should provide public transport facility within city area to subsidized and covered every area to prevent personnel vehicle use. and Government is action to make low cost and modern designed bicycle or electric scooters ect. 
0 0 every drop of petrol and diesel should be conserved.A lot of it is wasted at each and every petrol pump in fuelling bikes scooties etc at the time of finishing fuel .5 to 30 drops is wasted in single fuelling.Now coount no of vehicles multiply by no of petrol pumps in india.It is a personal experience.new technology is required for fuelling and patience is also required by both parties. 
0 0 Also, re furnishing of roads should be speed up not only highways but large internal roads in the cities needs to be re-furnished. Sir strict road rules - like speed limits, lane driving is the biggest need of the hour now, parking, better roads will ultimately lead to the fuel saving and the fiscal deficit of the country will surely will reduce. I request govt should speed up these project, we know your target is 30kms per day, but give instruction to state govt. for internal city roads. 
0 0 Dear Sir, After the sudden death of Late Sh. Gopinath Munde, our Rural Infra, Highway Minister Mr Gadkari said new Motor Vehicle act will implemented in 3 months. I wonder no steps have been have in these months. Why govt. is taking so long to implementing such rules as it will benefit govt. only in the long run. We all Indians nature is resistant to change. so if you apply few strict rules it will take easily 2-3 years to everybody follow these rules. 
0 0 What Can Not be avoided is the need of fuel for Logistic works of all nature but by being strict with "Bharat Stage III & IV" standard and removing 100% of non-compliance Vehicle will help in both limiting Air Pollution and Fuel Consumption. Further the Most effective way is to improve Traffic by developing City Roads/highways such as to minimize number of Signals faced on any particular Route. 
0 0 Sir, make a govt. organisation also like Indian railways, Life Insurance co. all public sectors, dept like public transport company, in distributing petrol. so that any sources people get fuel. Fuel must be free from all restrictions. And one more idea is state transport like central govt transport also can make poeple comfort. Open more and more agency like HP,IOL, BP,in states like karnatake oil co, Delhi oil co, Andra oil co, Rajstan oil co, etc. to easy reach people. 
0 0 Request to authority concern to encourage for electrical bike (battery operated vehicle).I was riding yo bike ( battery operated vehicle) but forced to stop due to non availability of services by manufacturer in city like INDORE (MP)due non supportive attitude of govt in the matter. hope govt would promote & facilitate to manufacturer of battery operated vehicles 
0 0 आदरनीय् नमस्तॆ मॆरा सुझाव है 1 पी सी आर ऎ/कॊई आन्या सारकारी  की वॆब साइत पर यादि आपकॊ हिन्दि नाही आति तॊ ऊस पर दी गायी जानकारी  किसी कॆ लियॆ भी लाभकारी नाही हेन् क्यो कि ईन साभी पर कोई भी जानकारी पूर्नतह हिन्दी मे उपलब्ध ही नाही हे .2.जानकारी माङ्ग्ने का कोई स्थान ईन पार दीया जाय तभी काम बनेगा. 
1 0 respt/ sir why can;t we get solar panels over the edges of the highways of the entire nation ,we can generate huge amount of solar electricity and also would be helpful in concept of running electric motors in the upcoming time..and we can also safe fuel as wel make ths country pollution free by working more on others sources of fuel like biofuel .bodiesel produce from vegetable oils seed and have low carbon emission as compare to fossil fuel.. 
0 0 This policy change should be done as early as possible so that run for efficient engine may start soon. Kar ke to dekho. it would give boost to auto sector,increased revenue due to higher sale,increased employment so more income tax. Govt won't loose anything but greater revenue collection. 
0 0 Conservation is a dynamic activity n v should focus on every field accordingly. The base of tax n duties on automobile should be on capacity and fuel consumption of engine not on length n ground clearance. A sedan with 1200cc engine is costlier than a hatchback with 1500cc engine due to length.Funny! If this policy changes, a run will start 4 more efficient engines n ppl would get comfortable vehicles at less price. Try 2 focus on giving comfort 2 ppl, not on tax;Tax collection will increase 
0 0 Pl suspend incomtax dep.and be our country as only incomtax free country and add big oil tax like add5to10%tex per litre of diesel and petrol &getmor revenue theni   I.T 
0 0 Hello!!!!!! Everyone, I have develop project name is FSIGIS. for saving fuel(Diesel,Petrol,CNG)that’s way I have develop one project to save Fuel. In this project save also time and money.its control on monthly budget on business. And control to air pollution. 
0 0 I would suggest to evaluate 'Day light saving time'. This will allow different parts of the country -- East & West, to work more and utilize the full light during the day. If possible, use multiple time zones as observed in Australia. This will impact hugely in long run. 
0 0 Finding more oil sources will help us in reducing money spent on oil import and petrol/diesel prices in our country, but this will encourage more vehicles on roads and more pollution. I am not saying we should stop exploring oil sources hidden in our country, but giving more priority for change to alternate sources is a must in current situation Organizing proper public transports, proper planning of cities and using environment friendly energy sources will be a long term solution. 
0 0 Govt should start investing in huge scale on Solar and Electric powered transport. Hope everyone is getting aware of facts that Delhi has become most air polluted city in India. This will be same for other cities of India in few years. 
0 0 The main usage of petrol is in metro cities.And in all major metro cities like mumbai roads are dug up at least 4 to 6 months in a year which cause major traffic jams.This leads to more of petrol and diesel consumption.Govt should solve this problem by strict code of conduct on digging and maintain ace of roads. 
1 0 between 5-7p.m in the office parking.Firstly this pattern may be adopted in the Govt.offices & thereafter it will apply for all.Besides,in the morning between7-8a.m.& in the evening between 4-5p.m.a Road Opening Party(ROP) in which a PCR vans(crane also be included) will  carry out patrolling duty on all the major routes where heavy vehicle(Trucks/ Buses)are plying so that if any veh is found stuck/damaged on the road may be cleared from the road before peak hours.Also 80% of fuel can be saved 
0 0 the responsibility of the employer in which he is working. It is the duly of employer to get arrange the CAB for their employees like BPOs.  Those who don’t want to use the CAB facility they use only Govt. Transport(Buses/Metro), Auto/Taxis. They cannot use their personal vehicle during peak hours. In case they want to use their personal vehicle the entry of their vehicles will not be allowed in the offices till 11 am or they cannot take back their vehicle 
0 0 ....arrangement of CAB facility in every Govt./Pvt. offices. The arrangements of CABs facility for every employee should be made available by the employer or by the office in which he is working.  All employees should come in the office by the CABs/Govt. Transport(Buses/Metro), Auto/Taxis only. No personal vehicle of any employees should be permitted in the office complex parking space atleast till 11’o’clock in the morning.  Arrangement of CAB facility for all the employees should be the....... 
0 0 SOLUTION OF TERRIFIC JAM PROBLEM Recently Govt. has introduced Bio Metric Attendance System in all the offices. Due to that during peak hours (8.30 a.m.  to 11 a.m. & 5 p.m to 8 p.m.),  people are facing a major terrific jam problem. Their maximum time is wasted on the road that is matter of serious concern as well wastage of time & money of the people. To overcome the problem of terrific jams my view is that: On the pattern of BPOs and Multi National Companies(MNCs), there should be an..... 
0 0 70% of fuel consumption for propelling vehicles can be saved by running roads, themselves, with aid of electricity preferable wind & solar power. There will be no pollution; No raod, rail accidents. Oil import will be reduced, drastically. Pl refer world patent 1086/MUM/2012 at Sr.No. 30503 Indian Patent journal dt 06-12-2013. Will be cost effective since work done by millions of vehicle engines will be done by fewer electrical machines; & work by burning fuels will be done by electricity. 
0 0 Dear Sirs, Fuel cons are the area which will enable us save upto 20% fuel costs. Magnetized fuel high pressure pipes(non ferrous material) will help to burn almost 98% of burning of fuel inside engine cylinder. Railways and Shipping Corpn. Can start pilot projects to achieve this standards. By investing little amount will yeild huge profits only in fuel consumption. Added advantage in increased life of spare parts and less emission gives us clean environment. Willing to join hands with govt. 
0 0 SINDRI COMPLEX OF F.C.I.LTD HAS ALL THE INFRASTRUCTURES &FACILITIESTO PRODUCE THRU SURFACE COAL GASSIFICATION PRODUCTS : AMMONTA-UREA,NITRIC ACID,AMMONIUM NITRATE,AMMONIUM BICARBONATE ETC SNG FOR DOMESTIC GAS SUPPLY IN &AROUND JHARKHAND STATE.GOVT MAY KINDLY LIKE TO INVITE INTERNATIONAL /NATIONAL BIDS ON PPP MODEL OR ANY JOINT  VENTURE  WITH ONGC FOR AUGMENTING UTILZATION OF CBM TO BE EXTACTED FROM NEARBY MINES 7 ABONDONED MINES. 
0 0 NATIONAL POLICY FOR INSITU UNDERGROUND COAL GASIFICATION TO BE ADOPTED FOR MEETING FUTURE DEMANDS OF DOMESTIC SNG SUPPLY,CTL MANUFACTURE.AMMONIA_UREA COMPLEX &PETROCHEMICALS ETC BY INVITING LEADING COLLABORATORS UNDER MAKE IN INDIA PLAN AND IMPLEMENT MITIGATION OF CLIMATE CHANGETHRU UTILIZATION OF ABONDONED COAL MINES TN JHARKHAND/INDIA ALONG WITH EXTRACTING THUS FAR UNRECOVERABLE COAL BY CREATINGA SPECIAL CORPOATION UNDER MOPNG.ALL CENTRAL INSTITUTES &DEGISN &ENGG EN 
0 0 Sir apply taxes on diesel vechical wich us used for status symbol like  audi bmb the govt is giving subsidy for Transportation not for status symbol please contact me i hav many better plan for oil saving program want to work with govt 
0 0 Better traffic can save Fuel - Every Second millions of litters of petrol/diesel burnt out because of traffic jam or bad traffic. More traffic police (temporary, traffic Jam should be minimum and based on that they are paid] 1. Left to Left movement on most of the crossings should be kept free by guard / keeping barricade, permanent structure to separate left lien. 2. Selection of Lane before next crossing. [a. Right most if want to take turn from next crossing, Left most if to move left.] 
0 0 Government should levy a very heavy Environment Tax for single fuel vehicles running on petrol or diesel. A lower tax can be levied on hybrid vehicles with good fuel economy or CNG vehicles. Zero tax should be levied on battery operated vehicles or those running on hydrogen fuel. 
0 0 I think  there should be a limitation of buying petrol and diesel  same like as lpg. .so that people can reduce the unnecessary riding. .there should be a pass book on which record of buying petrol and diesel have mentioned. A person could not take more than limited criteria. 
0 0 “How to Make a Recycled Bottle Broom : Three Steps : Preparation, Cutting the Soda Bottles, Assembling the Broom” . Further details are available at:  http://www.wikihow.com/Make-a-Recycled-Bottle-Broom . 
0 0 there are many petroleum refineries and power generation units on the coast of India my suggestion all these plants have large heat exchangers for cooling process  the heat is being wasted and blown through cooling towers to atmosphere partly the heat can be recovered for desalination plants to generate potable water with small capital cost and Modification . process already developed by national institute of oceanography the process is called (LTTD) this can help both industry and townships 
0 0 CARS SHOULD BE MADE WITH GDI-GASOLINE DIRECT INJECTION THIS DOUBLES THE EFFICIENCY OF THE ENGINE. ETHANOL 100 INSTEAD OF PETROL LIKE BRAZIL. CARS and trucks should GDI and run a electric 10KW generator. this should be used run a electric motor.  You run a single speed engine which has close to 100% efficiency. THIS TECHNOLOGY IS USED IN DIESEL ELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVE ENGINES FOR MORE THAN 50 YEARS. THE SAME TECHNOLOGY HAS TO BE BROUGHT TO CARS AND TRUCKS 
0 0 First, the most heavy consumption of oil is by IT sector travelling the world wide. TRANSPORTATION HAS TO BE STOPPED AND MOVED TO INTERNET. - 1 TRILLION PER YEAR PEOPLE MIGRATING TO CITIES SHOULD BE STOPPED. SEVERAL TRILLION PER YEAR CARS SHOULD BE HYBRID AND SHOULD GIVE AT LEAST 50 TO 100 KMPL 1 TRILLION PER YEAR MOVE TO ETHANOL BASED ENGINES LIKE THE ONES USED IN BRAZIL STOP LPG AND MIGRATE TO INDUCTION STOVE - 1 TRILLION PER YEAR ATTACHED LPG SAVINGS PER YEAR 
0 0 sir cycle riders must be encouraged in different ways which is environment friendly and keeps people healthy and unnecessary cholesterol free. my suggestion may seem to be funny but its very essential these days because all are getting fat, and vulnerable and no immunity at all. atleast these small steps may be helpful to have a healthy society. 
0 0 OGCF- I think bio diesel may best solution. Australia making bio diesel from sugar can and America making from corn. Battery operated vehicles should develop that can be easy way to replace oil and gas. Battery can recycle up to 70% after death. So it can cheaper and easy way to replace oil and gas. We should require battery booth in many places just like petrol pump and it will create huge new job and business opportunities. Also pollution level from vehicles will decrease. 
0 0 Save Oil - Be Healthy. For covering short distances, use bicycle. Govt may reduce taxes on cycles and make suitable arrangements for safe parking. With public participation, authorities should encourage cycling in India as being practiced in China. 
0 0 Exploration of SHALE oil in India should be considered. 
1 0 Importance to electric cars should be given.  Some cities in the world like Paris have pledged to get rid of desiel cars by 2020.  India should do the same for its most polluted cities like DELHI. Will help reduce OIL imports and reduce pollution. 
0 0 ALLOW ONE DAY AS FREEDOM FROM OIL AND GAS USAGE. 
0 0 Dr. Madhuri Sharon & Prof. Maheshwar Sharon  have innovated a novel method of Conversion of Plastic to Wax, Oil, Gas & CNM. It is a perfect remedy to overcome the Plastic Waste Problem, which is a pollutant, harmful to animals & so on. Unlike plastic recycling which creates harmful by products and does not remove plastic load on this earth; this process converts plastic into degradable useful products without creating or using any harmful chemicals. Since, Municipal Corporation is health provi 
0 0 3) Focused investments into battery technology to improve battery life. This will help us switch from fuel vehicles to electricity driven vehicles quicker and with no compromise in quality. Right now, high cost of battery replacement is driving users from purchasing electric vehicles. A "cars exchange scheme" can be started for people to exchange old cars (>15 years old) with electric cars.This will give initial push and get polluting cars off the road replacing them with clean cars. 
0 0 2) All government canteens, defence campuses, universities, schools and other bulk generators of wet waste should switch to biogas to cook with input feed of ever available wet waste, leftover food and garden waste. This will provide import substitution for LPG saving us billions of dollars. Appropriate subsidies can be given and unemployed youth can be trained to maintain these plants as many have shut down for lack of proper maintenance. 
0 0 1) To save auto fuel, every signal compulsorily should have timers which signal to the road user how much time is left till the signal turns green, thus he can switch off his vehicle. For an average of 30 seconds per signal and an average of 20 signals a day, this is 10 min of idling time reduced per vehicle.Multiply by an estimated 20 million vehicles on the road everyday, that is 200 million minutes of time save 
0 0 India imports USD 120 billion of crude oil, & billions of dollars of coal.  This also causes pollution. India should base its economy on ethanol.  Ethanol can replace all fuels required for transportation and are clean.  It can help with trade balance also. 
0 0 TAXIS USUALLY RUN FOR 5 LAKH KMs BEFORE SOLD OFF.OLA & UBER TAXIS TAKING MUCH LESS TIME TO COMPLETE LIFE RUN (2 years compared to 4 years). SAME LIFECYCLE INCOME GETS PAID TO UBER/OLA FOR ONLY 2 YEARS, SO DOUBLE MONTHLY SALARY. RESULT IS THAT DRIVERS PREFER UBER/OLA. APP HELPS IN REDUCING TIME WASTED IN CUSTOMERS HIRING TAXIS & TAXIS LOCATING CUSTOMERS AND SO MORE DAILY MILEAGE.  LOWER RATES ALSO HELP ATTRACT LOTS MORE PASSENGERS. A REALLY SUPERB SOLUTION FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS.GOVT MUST COPY IT. 
1 0 sir, i from gujarat, in gujarat the use of cng in four Wheeler car is almost 75% but the GOVERNMENT OF GUJARAT and GSPC jointventure is not able to open GAS service Station more . as you know that The capacity of cng tank is 200 km. so much line on gas station and waste of time of people. i requested to prime minister to look into matter for use of cng by people more but cng station makes in large way and allow to people to open friendly business policy to start cng station. thanks.. 
0 0 HOW DO UBER & OLA GIVE MUCH LOWER TAXI RATES THAN OTHERS & STILL PAY DOUBLE SALARY TO DRIVERS (i.e. Rs.40-50,000 AS OPPOSED TO Rs.20,000).ONE OBVIOUS REASON IS THAT THEY CHARGE VERY LESS COMMISSION-THEY ARE ONLY AGGREGATORS.ANOTHER POSSIBLE REASON IS THAT THEIR DAILY MILEAGE MUST BE DOUBLED OR TRIPLE DUE TO FACT THAT APP ENABLES CONNECTING PASSENGERS & TAXIS. ALSO, CUSTOMERS PREFER THEM DUE TO LEAST COST, BEST & EFFICIENT SERVICE & MORE SECURITY FEATURES.SIMILAR EFFICIENT MODEL MUST BE COPIED. 
0 0 Yoga Master Ramesh: In India we the people are wasting fuel unnecessarily. So we have to guide our countryman in proper way how to save fuel? 1)By using bicycle 2)Go by walk for short distance 3)Use the vehicle if it very much necessary 4)For political persons they will go by prestige(use of private  helicopter,private flight etc etc) 5)Don't go for opening ceremony (for eg one state to other in separate flight with their security,assistants) Like this think before spending unnecessary fuel 
0 0 Plastic bags is a major concern. People need something apart to reduce the use of plastic bags.But there should be some replaceable thing which can be used in lieu of plastic bags. Since some things in the market cannot be brought by paper bags or craft bags. So bags made of cellulose can be an outcome for the problem. The government can direct the plastic bag producing industries to make bio-degradable plastic like bags made of cellulose instead of producing plastic or polythene bags. 
0 0 Why not the government minimise 100% use of petroleum and impose the use of gasoline in all forms of transportation vehicles. Since the price of pure ethanol is much less as compared to petrol so it can be a great step ahead for a sustainable livelihood with conservation of petroleum products. The government should also request the auto-mobile industries to facilitate such features in new vehicles. Also the use of biomass as fuel is also a great mark for conservation. 
0 0 Polythene ban : this is also very dangerous problem arising in India, many times govt imposed such bans but nobody following these bans. People are using plastic bags openly.Please ban it completely and strictly for the sake of human existence.this is a time bomb kind of thing more dangerous than atom bomb.People are ignoring this plastic issue but this may become a risk in whole human existence one day.Please take this seriously  this is a big danger for our future. 
0 0 Polythene ban : this is also very dangerous problem arising in India, many times govt imposed such bans but nobody following these bans. People are using plastic bags openly.Please ban it completely and strictly for the sake of human existence.this is a time bomb kind of thing more dangerous than atom bomb.People are ignoring this plastic issue but this may become a risk in whole human existence one day.Please take this seriously  this is a big danger for our future. 
0 0 All the gas consumers of Manipur are covered by Indane. None of gas agencies have home delivery system and consumers have to wait for a span of 45-60 days minimum. When I checked at Indane transparency portal, I found that atleast 2 gas agencies are manipulating the supply. Refil cylinders are being in black market at 1300 per cylinder. Please act. 
1 0 How to give up subsidized gas? Currently there is no option to buy the gas cylinder without subsidy. Even though I can afford to pay full price, the gas agency is asking me to get aadhar etc and make me fall into the subsidy trap. Please tell oil marketing companies to have the option of non-subsidized cylinder for domestic use readily available, and for paying full market price. Also make it easy to get this full price cylinder without the hassle of aadhar etc. 
0 0 modi jee 12th night se petrolium product ke dam increase hone par petrol pump honour old stock bhi new rate par kyon sell kar rahe hain? kya ye ruk sakta hai? yeh bhi one type of corruption hai. 
0 0 INDANE GAS CYLINDER COMPLAIN 
0 0 घरेलु गैस(इंडेन) का मैं कस्टमर हूँ। पिछले 16 जनवरी को मोबाइल से गैस बुक कराया, परन्तु आज 1 मार्च तक गैस सिलेंडर नहीं मिला. मैंने 4,13 फरवरी को गैस एजेंसी में(मौखिक) and कस्टमर केयर(18002333555) पर शिकायत दर्ज कराया, परन्तु कोई कार्यवाही नहीं हुई। मेरा बैंक अकाउंट इंडने के अकाउंट से जुड़ चूका है। Booking Reference No:575034,Customer care complaint No:1876397 DISTRIBUTOR DETAILS, Sona Enterprises, CODE:9107302 A-72/2, MAsoodpur, Vasant Kunj, ND. Ph:26897455 कृपया तत्काल कार्यवाही की जाये 
1 0 Restricting the number of cylinders will jeopardise the family system. Me, my wife and child prefer to live with my parents so that they will not feel lonely. As such there are more number of members. Just for the sake of getting separate gas connection should I leave my parents and live separate ? Therefore allot number of subsidised cylinders on the basis of number of members in the household. 
1 0 Even the non aadhar form compells us to give an undertaking that we will be obtaining aadhar. Is this not cheating the public as well as hoodwinking the Supreme Court ? STOP AADHAR SAVE INDIA. Why are you particular to get Aadhar enrolment done through private agencies ? Just to enable sharing with foreign govs ? Are we not justified in questioning the bonafides ? 
2 0 What about the wastage of fuel by government officers ? For eg: The district collector, RDO and other officials travel to the same destination and back by different vehicles contemporaneously. Should they not be having pool vehicles ? OR should they not use the same vehicles. Officers feel it infra-dig to travel with subordinates. That mindset should be corrected. Likewise the fuel allowed for personal use of government vehicles should be taxed as a part of salary package. 
0 0 give  more  important  to  public transportation system  &  give  more  tax  to motor bike 
1 0 Oil and Gas Conservation Campaign should aim minimum fuel consumption maximum output. i.e, Use proposed energy sources (electric ,biofuel, solar etc ) more for motor vehicles. Replaceable fuel innovation encouragement from management level. Especially the group projects in college 80% of that remain in records. So put them out.... 
1 0 Well..first thing we want to learn..that.the use of..natural resources will increase never decrease.. So...we need to find another source of energy..but slowly. Bcuz if we suddenly input. New energy resources. Then stick market will be crashed.. 
2 0 In mumbai places of work are 40 to 50 kms away from place of residence for average public.Majority Offices are situated in south mumbai and majority of people stay in north mumbai.From last 60 yrs this mistake is going on. Request u to grant higher FSI of 8-10 to commercial office buildings ,which can be constructed in north mumbai areas like dahisar,virar, borivali,kandivli.This will reduce consumption of petrol,diesel,cng worth crores of rupees in a year since this willreducetravellingdistance 
0 1 Government can provide Adhaar linked site where people can create own carpool groups. 
1 0 Promote such ideas for energy savings & carbon-free environment. Have a look: Hari Rao: An I-T officer turns entrepreneur with carbon-free stove http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/emerging-businesses/startups/ha... 
1 0 at least once in a week use public transport. 
0 0 open competition for new vision 
1 0 शहर लबॆ व चोडॆ न् हॊकर, ऊंचॆ हॊ | 
2 0 Thus , I can just say that replacement of Solar energy and Liquid Hydrogen with Oils & Gases will lead not only in reduction in use of Oil & Gases ( ultimately conservation reserves ) but also reduces the Import of INDIA which may result in increase of value of Indian Rupee as compare to US Dollar 
2 0 Similarly, Government as well as public should take initiative to set up solar panels and bio/ gobar gas plant in each house or each society for domestic consumption. While in each Government Building, Government should set solar panel to meet the energy requirement of government building. Similarly, in other commercial buildings, the owner should set up a solar panel. Moreover, Government can use water to produce liquid Hydrogen for meeting requirement of Oils and Gases . 
2 0 Dear PM, I have an important & urgent suggestion about GOOD GOVERNANCE DAY, which is to be observed on December 25, the birthday of ATALBIHARI BAJPAYEE, our past PM. I think oberving a day for good governance will not serve much purpose. Instead please declare a period of one month starting on 25 Dec as GOOD GOVERNANCE MONTH. During the month all Govt and SemiGovt Depts should focus on reforming their working, procedures, accounting to improve efficiency and eliminate wasteful activities. 
1 0 oil and gas resources are very limited. It is required to take steps not only to reduce the wastage but also to reduce burden of consumption on oil and gas resources by using alternative resources of energy that we use to consume from oil and gases .  We use petrol in vehicles , so instead of it the government as well as automobile company should take initiative for making vehicles that run on electrical energy of battery that should be charged with sun light using solar cell on its outer body. 
0 0 there is no need for new ideas here just try what world has tried it works every where! 
1 0 Renewable energy generation, usage ==> FDI 100 % for products & services,  compulsory for all government & for new licenses for industries. Award those use only renewable energy in business establishments. 
0 0 Has Govt. given adequate attention to large nos. of SUVs that crowd cities? Amusingly, if you look into SUV, you'll often see a lone man driving.it/ or, a driver with a lone pasenger! Just 1 SUV- Occupies large road-space; guzzles lots of fuel; city's road is NOT the place for SUV, & it only creates traffic-jams. Is it not criminal to flash opulence in such blatant manner, denying poors basic-courtesy travelling in buses, swallowing whole road-space? BAN SUVs &very large Cars plying IN CITIES. 
0 0 Let's start a car pool drive in which ppl going to same area can go on one vehicle and make new frnds in their buzy life 
0 0 Sir, 1) have usage / mileage contests in all government offices. 2) Make car pooling compulsory. 3) Cut electricity wastage by common room conditioning / natural lighting - ventilation / solar panels 3) Have LPG dealers run awareness programs on good stove usage. 4) Check quality of products at all gas stations for adulteration and award the best maintained 5) induct solar power across large govt. buildings & give subsidy to install in govt. officers quarters, 6) school awareness film / programs 
0 0 ( 1 ) IN MANY CENTRAL GOVT. & STATE GOVT. ORGANISATI-ONS, SINCE GOVT. GRANT IS AVAILABLE, THESE ORGANISATIONS IN-ORDER TO USE THE GRANT FULLY-KEEP ALL THE LIGHTS, etc. ALWAYS SWITCHED-ON-in their campus, all road lights are always on even during acute power crisis.  AT LEAST, AFTER 10 P.M., ALTERNATE ROAD LIGHTS, etc. CAN BE SWITCHED-OFF. ( 2 ) SIMILARLY, THESE ORGANISATIONS SPEND / WASTE MORE MONEY-of course, they spend usefully, for creative & social purposes also. ( 3 ) INSTEAD OF GOVT. GIVING SUBSIDY ON AGRICULTURAL USE KEROSENE & POWER, SOLAR PANELS / WIND-POWER TURBINES, etc. CAN BE SUBSIDISED TO A MAXIMUM OF 75% OF ITS COST. 
1 0 Let the govrnment shart initiative to built bicycle pathways in major city centres and by promoting the pathways  many more bicycle users will turn up.. GO GREEN.. 
1 0 PLEASE ASK EVERY BIKER & CAR OWNER WHO ARE DRIVING THERE VEHICALE ALONE ,TO DRIVE THERE VEHICLE WITH FULL CAPACITY.ASK THEM TO OFFER LIFT. DRIVE BIKE TWO WHEELER WITH TWO PERSON AND CAR WITH ATLEAST WITH 3 PERSON.SO WE CAN SAVE OUR NATIONAL PETROL. 
2 0 Encourage people for using Public Vehicle instead of using their own vehicle. This can be done by increasing tax on private vehicle and decreasing tax on public vehicle, This will ultimately lower the cost of travel who uses public vehicle. Apart from this increase the cost of private cars and bikes so much that it becomes too heavy for people to afford one of them, 
1 0 IN ALL TRAFFIC SIGNALS, No. OF SECONDS LEFT FOR GREEN SIGNAL HAS TO BE THERE.  THEN MANY WILL SWITCH-OFF THEIR VEHICLES & RESTART JUST BEFORE GREEN SIGNAL.  BY THIS, WE CAN SAVE LOT OF PETROL / DIESEL.  IF THIS "SECONDS LEFT TO GO "  IS NOT THERE, PEOPLE WILL NOT SWITCH-OFF THE ENGINE. Shanmuganathan.B / 98948 66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ). 
0 0 to save oil use of bicycle has to be promoted. 
0 0 People should understand the value of black gold the oil and gas.Conservation of  oil and gas can be increased by more usage of mass transportation,pool system for car users,latest technology for vehicle,efficient engine and house hold items,street lights of city should be switched off on time,ethanol should be used in petrol,Adoption of fuel cell powered products,hybrid electric vehicles usage,Usage of LED lights,eco friendly marketing,reducing transport by developing prodctn house at distance. 
0 0 Respected sir, There is huge human capital available with Government of India with diversified skill, qualification, educational background. But the relevancy of their engagement in policy formulation have been ignored in posting of officers in Central Staffing Scheme, Secretariat officers. The database of education, training of officers posted in Secretariat may be checked before engaging them on the assignments. The database available with DOPT may be used. 
0 0 MAKE ONGC subsidy free sir.STOCK OF THIS COMPANY HAS NEVER GIVEN PROFIT TO SHARE HOLDER.I have invested lacks but no profit.profiterole NAAM DARSHAN CHOTE 
1 0 Houses should be encouraged to use solar energy and such houses must be given discount on electricity and water bills. Every month colonies must announce names of those who used less gas and awarded by RWAs. Those who use bicycles in colonies for daily routine work must be encouraged by RWAs during functions. 
0 0 Capital Gains. When Indians invest in Stock Markets they are taxed at 0% (Long Term), 15% (Short Term), 33% (Business Income).  The clarity between short term and business income is not there.  It should be clear cut according to holding period.  eg. holding period 1 day should be business income.  More than 1 day should be short term, and more than 365 days should be long term. Further when foreigners invest in Indian stock market they get treaty benefit and pay 0% on all types of holding 
0 0 1. School/Companies should encourage students/ officers to use carpool service or bus service. It will not only help in conserving oil, but also reduce the traffic. 2. Cycling habit should be inculcated, among the urban youth 
0 0 solar products sale should arrange in all city to save gas. 
0 0 as our celebrities promoting the clean india movement, in the same way the use of bicycle also to be prometed by the elite peoples of the society and i am sure a middle class people will also be influence with them and automatically consumption of oil & gas shall be reduced. 
0 0 lot of quantity of oil & gas can be saved by segregate the offices timing in different time slots. for example most of offices have timing 9:00 AM to 5:30 PM means density of peoples at road will be more and traffic will also be slow and lot of quantity of fuel get waste during the red-light stoppages. if the timing of these offices get slotted in different time frame so density of peoples   at road will be less and traffic will be smooth and lot of quantity of oil & gas obviously save. 
0 0 I have written one lyric in hindi and english language, which will save fuel and electricity. I am ready to invest my money in audio and video production. I want to launch this song  all over world. 
0 0 Have community based private companies cook with remains of coconut shell available from places where there are coconut shells especially where adhar number enrollment is yet to happen. This will help save a minimum of 3000 cylinders fuel per day. 
0 0 1. PLEASE ENSURE CLEANLINESS AND COMFORT IN PUBLIC TRANSPORT (ROAD/RAIL) AND PROVIDE ADEQUATE TRAINS/BUSES TO MEET THE POPULATION. NOBODY SHOULD TRAVEL AS A STANDEE. IF THIS IS ACHIEVED, PEOPLE WOULD DEFINITELY PREFER TO USE PUBLIC TRANSPORT AND AVOID USING PERSONAL VEHICLES AND THIS WOULD ADD REVENUE TO THE GOVERNMENT ALSO. 2. PLEASE PROVIDE 10 CYLINDERS AGAINST 12 AND CONTINUE THE EXISTING SYSTEM INSTEAD OF IMPLEMENTING THE DBTL SCHEME TO ENSURE JUDICIOUS USE OF LPG. 
0 0 •	Adoption of a series of Oil conservation measures will help the country save billions of Rupees since India imports more than 80 % of its crude. This would also help in reduction of Carbon footprint in view of the Oil conservation initiatives. 
0 0 •	Government should set a goal for the national fuel economy standard by the year 2017 to save the fuel and continuous R&D activities in Fuel Economy & Energy efficiency will lighten the burden of imports on the country enormously and ultimately pave the way for protection of environment. 
0 0 •The Water, Energy & Environment are the 3 key factors which are essential for human survival. It is the primary social responsibility of every individual to protect precious Natural Resources like Coal, Oil, Gas & water for the sake of the future generations. •The media should play important role for Pro-public initiatives like Energy Conservation activities and the Media should spread the holy message of Energy Conservation & Environment Protection to each & every house hold in our country. 
0 0 fell gud to be a part of our government.. sir,i think tht if we shud provided best education in our villages then many of problems like enemployment girls education dowery system cleaning india  and many of..evils may be solved..sir"m from a small village bhamod in district jaipur, rajasthan.there i saw the education problem..fr example there iz no one senior secondary school nd no gud colleges near by..so many of girls who wants to read they hv no scholls or colleges..they cant afford the expenditure  read far away f village..they cant go another city fr education. so we saw there education is only finisd to secondary..sir if we looking up to villages education we have too..if a village hv vry best education then our india will come vry strongly in many of fields..so i thnk our education system in the villages are vry poor we have to clear it and make a very educate india..thanxs 
0 0 public transport development must be emphasised on for reducing the fuel usage. 
2 0 The finance facility for buying vehicles is so simple that even people those who have no repayment capacity or source of income are given loan to buy vehicles which is why we see so many vehicles on the road there is a need to make some strict rules and eligibility must be given importance before releasing such loans. 
0 0 Govt issue a Statement to All Citizens to conserve / preserve Oil and Gas and Power coming from Gas .1. Business people stop using their vehicles for small errands and Offices lit / temperature controlled to basic requirement  .2.Commuters use only public transport / two wheelers instead of Four wheelers 3.Govt servants use Govt vehicles only for public purpose and desist from using vehicles for Private and Family errands and reduce one trip home for lunch by preferring to take food in office 
0 0 My request to all my friends ,Please save fuel and gas for our future generation don't be Selfish, otherwise they only know about fuel & gas  from book . They ill not able to use . 
0 0 If all these simple method are use then automatically usage of fuel and gas will reduce in a large volume.. 
0 0 1.	In terms of gas and fuel saving Big Industries must limit their usage implementing modern machinery and technologies. 
0 0 2.	In Government Sectors vehicles are used roughly and miss use of fuel is done here in respect of private vehicle as the driver or the person who uses the vehicle does not refill fuel from his pocket.  As the government pays it does not bothers them whether the fuel is getting wasted or not.  Gov should limit the vehicle usage accordingly and maintain the vehicles as per order. 
0 0 3.	In terms of electricity saving at least government offices can use solar system for lighting which will not cost much and can reduce the electric bill and save energy 
0 0 4.	Government can encourage the Stadium authorities to use their roof for solar panels so that electricity can be used from solar energy and whenever games are not on they can supply electricity to emergency services such as hospitals, fire brigades, police stations etc. 
0 0 5.	Government can encourage the people of our county about the usage of solar energy as example electricity suppliers can provide a single solar panel along with a CFL lamp at a minimum one time cost to the consumer and as the consumers starts to use the lamp they gets benefited in both ways, power and money (saving in monthly bill).  This implementation can reduce the usage of coal, gas, or fuel at bit. 
0 0 6.	Hotel Industry is a big business industry in India and allover India gallons of fuels, gas are burned everyday making tasty foods.  If all the Big Hotels starts using solar energy using their roofs, lawn, gardens then at least few percentage of fuels, gas can be saved. 
0 0 7.	Another most important thing is that India is a religious place with many communities.  Temples, Churches, Masjid, Gurudwaras are taken care by Government or undertaken government department if starts using solar power there can be more save of electricity. 
0 0 1.Seminars on current Consumption ratio of oil and natural gas to revenue generation vs environmental degradation 2.Public transport day 3.Science exhibition aware the people 4.R&D on reducing fuel consumption during low speed and stop condition. 5.Recognizing engineering projects for alternatge fuel like air water solar energy/bio fuels/organic fuels 6.City level workshops for awaring the future generation to use resources properly 7.Bicycle race. 8.Paper presentation 9.Tax on overpollution 
0 0 Sir kindly issue permission to cars with over 25km/lt average and its possible as in USA they have cars with 25 miles/lt 
0 0 Renewable Energy should be compulsory for all Industrial houses then only we can save fossil oils and our International usage of us dollars will be reduced. we must improve our trade with renewable Energy sector. Every industry should pay Carbon tax. 
0 0 Every home  should havea samll  solar plant to generate power. Every home should havea natural gas small setup so that we get gas for cooking. organic agriculture should be supported. Fossil oils should be reduced. 
0 0 we should explore  Non-edible oils like Mahua oil, Pongamia oil for biodiesel and we must use cakes oil cakes as organic fertilisers. Banks must come forward to give smmall loans to solar utilities in agri -sector. 
0 0 OUR PARTICIPATION IN GOVERNMENT GOVERNANCE: I AM 54 YRS, SON OF A SENIOR EX BUREAUCRAT, WHO RETIRED AS CHAIRMAN  FERA BOARD AND MY MOTHER WAS A BAR MEMBER OF THE DELHI HIGH COURT. I HAVE 30 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN IMPORTS/EXPORTS. 50% OF ALL IMPORT BY EUROPE, OTHER THAN MILITARY IMPORTS, WILL BE FROM INDIA . FINANCIALLY I WILL INDIVIDUALLY CONTRIBUTE 20% OF GOVERNMENT CONTRIBUTION . PLEASE GET ME A PERSONAL HEARING BY ANY OF THE SENIOR MEMBERS OF M/O COMMERCE. 500 WORDS ARE TOO LESS - SORRY...... 
0 0 Better Public transport with well connected feeder service will bring more people to opt out there private vehicles. Solar pumps for agriculture at 0% intrest loan for all. Commercial building usage of energy efficent matirials. Industry must upgrade with energy effecient machinary and bank need to play a greater role in help industries. Goverments must plug wastage of oil by improving road. Also narrowing of road due to roadside parking which makes traffic to negotiate which uses more fuel. 
0 0 Have Narendra Modi visit India and give a speech on the importance of fossil fuel conservation and the need for India to transition to renewables on Mann ki Baat. 
0 0 Traffic jams are a major cause of oil and gas waste .So we must plan at least one bypass and one flyover in every city of India 2. We must encourage people to use bicycle once in a week. 
0 0 shortcut and straight roads may be developed to save fuel and journey time. 
0 1 Let the major cities' Police identify busy roads. Let the traffic in no. of vehicles that use them during 24 hours be counted. Let the respective State Govts. hold a competition between these busy roads to award that City that see the least nos. of vehicles say, on a comparable percentage basis ON That Declared day of Competition. 2. OR, Let us reverse the Same Competition ! "States to conduct competition on maxm use of public transports on a working Declared Day among cities" 
0 0 Sir ,Now a days car is making a status symbol in every home ,every member of family having his own car this is making our cities more polluted and congested than why shouldn't we discourage these people to use these cars by imposing heavy Taxes on every 2nd car e,g.100% excise duty .200% on 3rd and 300% on every additional car or Suv. then only we can control traffic and pollution in our cities. 
0 0 All ministers, members of parliament and state assemblies should use cars sparingly and use public transport as a rule. There should be a company-bus kind of pick up mechanism for them when parliament or assemblies are in session. Invest in public transport. Introduce bicycle hiring hubs in all towns and cities. Encourage car pooling among parents with school going children and among office-goers. 
0 0 The public transport system to be made more effective and more convenient than a private car. The B.R.T.S. is a good effort, but it is seen that this is not meeting the aim for which it was built. Government should make it more efficient and more effective. 
1 0 # ALL FACTORIES+INDUSTRIES+PRIVATE OFFICES+GOVT OFFICES+MALLS+SCHOOLS+COLLEGES ETC MUST PROVIDE EACH N EVERY PERSON THE PICK N DROP FACILITY. # MUST PROMOTE GAUSHALAS ON LARGE SCALE FOR GOBAR GAS PLANT # EACH VEHICLE MUST BE EQUIPPED WITH THE BEST ENGINE WHICH CONSUME LESS FUEL WITH GREAT MILEAGE # MAKE TRAFFIC RULES AS STRICT AS USA SOTHAT 1% PEOPLE MAY HAVE DARE TO DRIVE CAR. # MAKE EFFICIENT BUS+TRAIN+METRO+AUTO SERVICES WITH SAFETY 
0 0 http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/energy-and-environment/first-bus-powere... 
0 0 Banning the use of private cars or restricting a citizen to buy more than one vehicle will be counterproductive. This may lead to protests because of encroachment of state on freedom of citizens. Instead promotion of non conventional fuels like biomethane and ethanol should be encouraged. The use of energy sources like solar, wind, tidal, geothermal etc should be boosted and these should escape from the ncert textbooks to its application level.! they always sleep in textbooks.Let them wake up! 
0 0 Human waste should be treated  to produce bio methane and can be used as fuel to run buses. First bus of such kind has been a success in Britain and  news has been recently seen in newspapers. Why not India try to use human and food waste for the production of gas which is more eco friendly. We can try this in our trains and help the railway station premises to be neat and tidy.Oil and gas consumption can be reduced and sustainable ways can be introduced by this method. Try Try ! 
3 0 We find in big cities, people running from one corner of city to the other corner, and vice-versa for jobs, spending both time ( in hours ) for their jobs. Large companies like Infosys, TCS etc. should be asked to make residential accommodation available for their employees in the vicinity of offices, to avoid wastage of both fuel and time. Much can be studied from the townships of Steel Plants (I worked for 32 years), and also factories like BHEL etc. We should also get rid of traffic jams. 
1 0 Lima Environmental meeting of nations just concluded...Our right to enjoy the benefits of technology, luxury, development, etc. is ok ...but at what cost? Unless there is a scare of INDIVIDUAL/MASSpunishment we do not feel obliged to even accept our own acts of guilt committed in broad day light. We shall conserve only when there is immediate scare of loosing this comfort forever. Therefore, let only the best and most fuel efficient technology be allowed to do business in our contry. 
0 0 allvehicalowners have to pay income tax.vehical owners have not considerable for ration shop benefits.priceof oil should hike. so peoplecut thier un-neccesary consumpution onuse of petrol.The main thing India should reduce oil imports.The concept will lead a steability in our corrency 
1 0 Petrol sales should have a system like that of electricity tariff. Every house or individual should be given some liters of petrol at a minimum cost. If they demand for more they should be provided with petrol with extra tax which may encourage them to use public transportation system and save fuel consumption. 
1 0 The following activities can be undertaken to emphasize the importance of oil and gas conservation during the forthcoming fortnight: (1) Prepare a list of methods of conservation and advertise it through newspaper ads, TV ads, radio ads, banners at public places etc. (2) Organize contests for school and college students on the theme. The contests can be drawing, poster, quiz and even poetry recital. 
1 0 Use of mass transportation. Cars should be banned at busy areas of various cities and public transportation must be developed. People driving cars with minimum number of people should be made to pay tax so that they also use public transport. 
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, SUGGESTIONS FOR NEW ACTIVITIES UNDER FORTH COMING OIL & GAS CONSERVATION FORTNIGHT (OGCF)-2015 ARE TO ADVISE ALL THE CONCERNED PEOPLE TO USE THE SAME VERY ECONOMICALY. 
1 0 ( 1 ) GOVT. TO GIVE DUTY-CUTS / SALES-TAX SUBSIDY / REBATES / OTHER SUBSIDIES, etc. FOR USING SOLAR PANELS, WIND-POWER GENERATING EQUIPMENTS, etc.WHICH WILL REDUCE MUCH DEPENDANCE ON PETROL / DIESEL / KEROSENE & GAS.  THIS WILL SOLVE-Conserve oil & Gas, Power problem & Carbon Emission. ( 2 ) GOVT. TO ALLOW ALL INDIVIDUALS TO GENERATE SOLAR / WIND POWER ON THEIR HOUSE / OFFICE ROOF-TOPS, WHICH NEED NOT BE SUPPLIED TO STATE ELECTRICITY BOARDs / SEB GRIDs. ( 3 ) GOVT. TO ENCOURAGE SOLAR / ELECTRIC VEHICLES, GIVE SUBSIDIES & TAX CONCESSIONS-less fuel / gas / carbon emission. ( 4 ) GOVT. TO INSTRUCT ALL PRESENT VEHICLE MFG. Cos. TO GRADUALLY REDUCE OIL / GAS CONSUMING VEHICLES TO PRODUCE LESS EVERY YEAR & IN ITS PLACE TO MANUFACTURE SOLAR / ELECTRIC VEHICLES. ( 5 ) ETHANOL ( out of sugar-cane waste )  BLENDING ( with petrol / diesel ) TO BE INCREASED TO 10% ( especially, when International Crude-Oil Prices increase, then petrol / diesel prices can be decreased ). ( 6 ) AFTER, SAY 20 YEARS, ALL PETROL / DIESEL / GAS VEHICLES CAN BE GRADUALLY REDUCED IN ROADS. ( 7 ) INDUSTRIES CAN BE ENCOURAGED / SUBSIDISED FOR USING SOLAR / WIND-POWER INSTEAD OF GEN-SETS. ( 8 ) ALL SCHOOL GOING CHILDREN TO BE ADMITTED IN SCHOOLS NEARLY AROUND 3 TO 5 KMS. FROM RESIDENCE.  BY THIS SCHOOL-BUS DIESEL / PETROL, GAS, etc. FOR LEAVING & PICKING-UP CHILDREN FROM & TO SCHOOLS TO HOMES CAN BE REDUCED.. ( 9 ) ALL TO AVOID / REDUCE VEHICLE COMMUTATION TO OFFICES / COLLEGES, etc. GOVT. TO ENCOURAGE / DEVICE A MECHASNISM TO  AT LEAST ALLOW ONE or TWO FAMILY MEMBERS TO AVOID COMMUTATION. ( 10 ) DAILY COMMUTATION / VEHICLE / PETROL ALLOWANCE TO BE DISCOURAGED ( can be allowed for Official Usage / Marketing / Service, etc. ) SHANMUGANATHAN.B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ). 
0 0 pl. visit www.indianmiddleclass.in smart ideas to save money 
0 2 #1. In India some of stupid and nonsense peoples keeping many vehicles one for son, one for daughter one for wife, one for other son........and so on. Kindly prevent such type of stupid royalist. #2. Stop all the outdated cars and other vehicles. #3. Closed all those industries who do not follow rule and regulation of manufacturing process. 
0 0 There are more passengers than taxis. So let some shuttle taxis may be introduced to conserve oil. Same amount of fuel can take 4 passengers can take four passengers. Car pool can save oil and create business for individuals.  If 5 and 1/2 working days are replaced by 5 days a week in most offices, much petroleum can be conserved. For half day's work so much wastage must be avoided. 
1 0 i think in india also there is no lack of  petrolium and gas ,, bt in india there is lack of research industry in this sector only few of engineering college presently research in this industry so it is obvious when demand is high then we have dependent to import ,,  so i think that is a time for indian government to thinking about opening new research centre and institute in this sector like iit 
1 0 Sir, Black money  lane  ke liye  kahi jane ki jarurat nhi hai. Sare kaladhan desh ke ghuskhoro ke  pas hai. Apne desh ke kisi bhi jile ke kisi bhi department ke jila sthar ke adhikari  ke yeha ACB se chhapa mariye  99%ke pas karodo rupiye ki  unaccounted sampati mil Jindgi. Hamara  chhattisgarh to  bhrastachar ka  garh hai. Ministers to kamane ke liye hi bane hai  adhikari  paise dekar jame hain 
0 0 Dear sir At local level, I have seen that on Delhi Gurgaon Expressway, jam occurs if a single vehicle breaks down, people do not know whom to call. Simple solution can be to make arrangements to tow away vehicles with in 4- 5 minutes if towing vehicles are deputed at designated at certain points and a lot of fuel can be saved. Also there must be some well published telephone no. To which need for tow away can be intimidated. it will save few lacs Rs worth fuel/day and few thousand manhours also 
1 0 Recently saw a documentary of Venice city how the convert their daily waste into coal like substance which is used to power street lights and other energy need. If we can get this and implement in some small city as test model it can work wonders 
0 0 .4-fule me need ki anusar subsidy,baki ki kimat jada korke ghathti puran+miss use bandh korne hoaga.plese dekhiye.Aam admi ko per month 20-22 lt fuye jarurat hai (school+office+bazar ke liye).ek (e) card hoga.har car & bike ke liye.kam korne bala kam kore  aur rupeya bala moj kore .KIMAT DEKE Desh ki unnyati ki liye. 
0 0 SIR-fuel save ke liye no-1-road ki halat thik+bridge banake lamba rasta ko chota korne hoga,oil pump me mialabat aur kom fuel dena rohkne hoga.Jis ka chalte aam public shalo se parisan,officer log bhi sab janta hai.lekin...2-Battery gari me sarkar ki subsidy+taxless korke+add de ke sob ko utsahi kornehoga.4- purana gari aaj bhi kala dhuya fekte huye(sahi kagaj bhi nehi+indicator+body bhi kharap) humara road pe chalta-police chanda leta aur naya 2 wheeler me fine korta hai.bandh korne hoga. 
0 0 If we collect and give plastic waste to the government, easily we can convert it to 2.5 billion litres of diesel annually. Do oil and gas authority aware of this simple truth? 
0 0 Fossil oil and gas fuels are mainly used for transport and cooking....raise taxes on these fuels and use the money to help electric vehicles. For cooking fuels raise prices of LPG cylinders so that people are discouraged to cook at home....people should eat in restaurants most of the time....for that opening restaurants in every nook and corner of towns and cities should be encouraged....corrupt municipal employees who harass these businesses should be flogged in public 
0 0 सड़क पर पैदल या साइकिल वालो को औचक उपहार प्रथा शुरू की जाये. शहर के वरिष्ट नागरिको एवं स्कुल के बच्चो की भागेदारी से इस पखवाड़े में पैदल या साइकिल पर जाने वालो को कोई सम्मान या उपहार योजना शुरू की जा सकती है. एसा करने से लोगो में पैदल या साइकिल का उपयोग करने की भावना जागृत होगी. तथा सभी सरकारी कार्यालयों में तो कम से कम इस पखवाड़े में कार या स्कूटर पर आना मना किया जाये..केवल अपवाद परिस्थति को छोड़ कर.. 
0 0 as a businessman i am fully aware about black money  i am sure the black money in india is much much higher than swiss banks which are sensational make tax laws simple and reasonable.  tax evasion should be under criminal code of conduct similarly political corruption also under criminal law non bailable 
0 0 sdk your MPs refrain on religion comments it will not do any good to you as well as bjp which i think is aon development blank 
0 0 i have met lot of people there and i am fully aware that there is corruption and they have become more a capitalistic country the difference is there is a corruption on development and here corruption i only there without any development 
0 0 i have so fare gone to china around 20 times and have seen lot of their cities and roads and development im still remember that the first time i really wept thinking about our countries lack of growth and poverty and miseries 
0 0 let your misters travel to china and see the imporvement they have made on so many things which makes western countries worried and ashamed  let them not go for a junket 
0 0 infrasturcture and good motorable road and use of e bikes  zero duty and sales tax on e bikes and batteries for it is a must in china 7 out of every 10 bukes on the road is a e bike 
0 0 lpg subisdy is used fraudulently by all dealers without excemption and i am fully aware that lap are sold in black market allow market price immediately and incentives only for poor and medium people and not for rich 
0 0 I am totally agree with our finance minister that subsidies are meant only for poor people 
0 0 car pools can be encouraged by incentive directly transferred to direct benefit transfer systems 
0 0 allow market price for petrol and diesel no subsidies is required.. subsidies are meant for only poor people.  transport disel consumption may create a price increase on essential commodities no problem till rail transport of done properly is the cheapest mode of transport 
0 0 car pools by higher officers of central government  in the rank of secretaries, additional/joint/special secretaries, in this fortnight, which will have the effect on the entire babudom surviving on tax payer money like parasits, but not delivering anything substantial on job oriented economic growth of the country. 
0 0 तेल एवं गैस  संरक्षण के उपाय 
0 0 drive for cleaning spark plugs / silencer pipes / changing speeding and breaking habits may be taken up. 
0 0 SIR-petrol ki bantan me lagam chahiye-miss use rokne ke liye.Rich people aur unki santan jarurat nehi hone se bhi miss use korta-SIR-jab aam logo ka bahut- jarurat hai tab bhi tel bharane nehi sekta.Isliye ek aam admi ko usika(office+school+bazar)need ke hisab (50km/liter-mobike) se per month 18-20 lt ki oil subsidy dijiye.Jo 50/-to60/-ke bich.Aur baki ki kimat 90/-to100/- hone se ek DAR rahega aur kharcha bhi kom korega.Aur desh ki dhan bachat hoga.Per car-bike me ek-(e)card hoga.Gas ki mafik 
0 0 To keep the fast track railway infrastructure projects,on line assistance mechanisms may be thought.For example earth/gravel quarry permits by the Government of Tamil Nadu is taking about 6 months to 2 years thus rendering contract management a problem.Besides fast track projects are suffering with time and cost over runs. 
2 0 Its a good initiative to have a solar park. But I would suggest one step ahead of this. Why can't there be "Health Park" and 'Solar Park' would be a sub-set of this. Municipal co-operation develops parks in the cities. In place of that think for a "Health Park", having track for morning walk on the outskirt of the garden. Think, if the garden is fenced with Solar and Wind plates. Suppose that in the morning and evening, chanting of ved mantra is continuing. In the mid of the garden there is Ayurvedic garden with plants such as 'Aloevera, Tulsi etc and on the track side there are fruit trees e.g. Mango, Guava, Pomegranate etc. and also trees whose wood can be sold e.g. Shisham, Jaamun, Sagwaan etc. While leaving the garden, People can purchase some items their only.  Also a fish pond in the centre of the park. Think, in the same garden cultural activity is being performed. Why we always think and govt. drains crore of rupees on a single task. Why we not think for an integrated approach! A day to day increase of crime is taking place because we are not socially bound together. We try to copy what we see on the TV while in a nearby flat or house, a great artist lives even then we approach TV or film celebrity. Dharm is a universally approach to keep us together but only few narrow minded persons divided us in Hindu or Muslims or in them sub-casts. At last I would like to write a line of Chankya Sutra, "Sukhasya moolam Dharmah", "Dharmasya moolam Arthah", "Arthasya moolam Rajyam". 
1 0 Set up new metro lines in Big Cities. Doubling the current capacity and introducing Airconditoned travel. 
1 0 Suggestion for Swach (Clean) India :We must do something about stray animals on the road.We all  are aware about rabies death in India. IN western country people have to go to zoo to see buffalo,cow,elephant,camel,horse but here we can see all these standing in traffic. 
0 0 I stay in Mumbai and lots of fuel gets wasted due to inefficient handling of traffic. We should introduce water transport immediately in Mumbai to ease the congestion on roads. Less traffic would mean fuel savings. 
1 0 A common man like me is able to coordinate all activities in my family and office. Our government has got lot of manpower and offices to coordinate the activities. It hurts when you see that newly built roads are demolished by irrigation department, telephone department etc. It hurts a lot probably because I am aware that the tax I paid is not being utilized properly. Officers shall be made answerable for their irresponsible activities.Government must take measures to coordinate the activities. 
1 0 1.Use of alternate energy for transport 2.Effective planning in managing energy 3.Encourage use of public transport 4.crating awarnes about saving of energy. 5.Adopting life in co-ordination with nature 
2 0 Promote the idea of home composting to protect our environment. Nature has got its own way of composting. Let us do the same at home. Mix the kitchen waste with dry leaves, add little bit of curd to promote the growth of micro organisms, leave this in a mud pot which has got lot of holes for promoting air circulation so that aerobic bacteria starts growing and your compost is ready within few months. No smell. Your family, your environment and your plants feels good. Please promote this.sasidhar 
2 0 We must make the process of  income tax payment attractive to all. What about providing financial support towards health care for the family of those who pay income tax? The amount that can be routed must be a proportion of the income tax paid  by them in their life time. Jai Hind. 
2 0 The earth is our home. We need to preserve our planet for the future generations. We have installed solar multi crystalline panels (4000 watts) at our home 8 months ago to satisfy our desire to preserve the natural resources. This is more than enough for a small family. The distribution board has to be appropriately designed for optimizing the benefits. This is powerful enough to run most of the equipments.I request our government to provide subsidy towards solar inverters beyond1kw also. 
0 0 Mr. PM/We have not entered into, cyber war knowledge, an important contract with Mr. Putin. As far my knowledge Russia  is top most in cyber war 
0 0 द्रोपदी का चिरहरण हुआ तो महाभारत हुई। आजकल किसी को चिरग्रहण के लिए बोलते हैं तो महाभारत होती है। कहते हैं जैसा देश वैसा भेष। अगर western कंट्री में सूट साड़ी डालोगी सबको अजीब लगेगा। इसी प्रकार अगर भारत में नंगी घुमोगी या स्कर्ट में घुमोगी तो सबको अजीब लगेगा। और कुछ लोग आपको वेश्या समझेंगे क्योंकी भारत में वेश्या ऐसे कपडे डालती हैं। अब समस्या ये है की कपडे भी ऐसे डालने हैं और अपने आपको वेश्या भी नहीं कहलवाना। अगर कोई औरत मरी होती तो सब कहते की रेप हुआ।। अब एक आदमी मरा है तो सब चुप हैं। 
0 0 मोदी जी नमस्ते please एक लिंक भेज रहा हूँ। उसको खोल कर देखिये।। अगर कोई औरत मरी होती तो सब कहते की रेप हुआ।। अब एक आदमी मरा है तो सब चुप हैं। इसकी कातिल औरत को सजा होनी चाहिए। दिल्ली में आदमी safe नहीं हैं । आदमियों को आवाज उठानी चाहिए http://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/newdelhi/teen-s-hacked-headless... 
0 0 Transport system in India needs  to be ovehauled.Metro rail in Delhi has reduced the pollution. This should be followed  in othet big cities. Shared online Taxi  services  can be introduced to decrease the pollution 
0 0 I welcome  these kinds of activities. Why not have competitions on, 1. Best Fuel Oil saver devices for a) 2-wheeler b) four wheelers, individually? 2. Have a competition among Metros on, "No. One Saver on FUEL on a predeclared competition-day", wherein public will be encouraged to use public transport? -(ON a working day!) 3.Let Metros &Tier1, 2 cities declare designated streets free of motor-vehicles for ONE FULL WEEK-to show how much FUEL conserved. 4. States can award Best performing Depts 
1 0 it is better to abolish practice of giving conveyance allowances in metro cities. Instead bus passes may be issued to the staff to encourage them to use public transport. We should also encourage peoples to use bicycles inplace of cars and two wheelers. the sale of diesel cars shall be discouraged by imposing high environmental taxas these are the most polluting vehicles. 
1 0 In metro cities, add 10,000 new buses (half of them AC) and provide timely service with excellent connectivity. No standees in AC buses. 2 running personal cars consume area on road equal to 1 bus, but carry only 4 people at peak hours against 40 in a bus, ie 10 times road space. They add to traffic troubles, wasted fuel and added pollution. Car owners prefer outsourcing their driving effort if excellent service is available. Have peak-hour peak-direction surcharge for AC buses to make viable. 
0 0 Adopting simple practices go a long way in conserving fuel resources in the long run though may not be directly connected, as all products need some fuel to be manufactured and processed. If all of us use the recycle -reuse mantra in our daily lives it will make a big difference on our demands put on imported fuel resources. Unfortunately the mantra is not put into practice in our daily lives and is only thought of as the responsibility of commercial industries. 
0 0 1-In offices and other institutes where office works make use of printers, a culture should be adopted to use double side printing of paper rather printing on single side to minimize paper /ink/energy wastage. 2- employees and employers should use their own coffee or tea mugs to reduce use of plastic cups wherever possible. 3- old culture of drinking in mud cups should be revived.4- simple practices as use of pressure cooker for cooking against open containers reduces gas-use to a large extent 
1 0 All man-made products should be numbered to the recyclable category they belong. Such recycling numbers would help determine the material of the product and hence its recycling procedure for re-use. Plastic cups, wrappers, glass containers, storage boxes all should be labelled. People need to be educated about this as well so that they know which products are recyclable. Recycling products can help minimize cost to consumers and keep the demand down for processing new products. 
0 0 agriculture and commercial buildings should make use of alternate sources of energy such as solar and wind energy putting less demand on petroleum fuels. Subsidies in alternate energy sectors might help make the shift. industries can apply the recycle-reuse mantra for less fuel consumption. 
0 0 motivate / educate people use more of public transport. restrict vehicles in certain streets,limit reg without parking place provision.what ever  limitations on car manufacturing is minimal compare to ;arger interest. 
0 0 Should be fill full tank of Petrol/Diesel in your Vehicle. It makes Good Average of the Vehicle. If in the tank, the air is less, it make oil conservsation 
0 0 A fencing should be done on the boundary of the river ganges. Only at some places fence should be opened for people. It will help you to protect our mother river. 
0 0 Create Awareness to Student and parents to use cycle at least twice a week. 
0 0 Sir,major issue can be a point of Debate,If colleges have their own Hostel n to accommodate their student, if n must be above 50% ,rest be student bellow 5 km radios. Student Only use cycle in there campus.Parents should be educate on this regard,College most have this facility,This will give Long term effect on GDP, society,Health as bellow;- 1.It save 2Cr lit Petrol/day 2.parrents saving on edu.@50 K 3.lot of traffic solution 4.Good Health 5.less pollution 6.less wrong activity 7.less death 
0 0 Sir can you tel me that kyu sir apne 1 gas lene pe 1000 rupes pay karna paryega ye kya hai sir plsese koi agar deatils me bolte tho acga lagta 
1 0 all secretaries, special secretaries, additional secretaries, joint secretaries in central ministries/departments and equivalent in CPSEs, statutory/constitutional bodies, should be asked to come in office in shared official vehicles. if this is done it will motivate all lower officers to follow it. secondly, there should be reduced rates of petrol/diesel for those cars which are running in car pool system. this will reduce traffice and fuel consumption 
0 0 RACE2-INFINITY shall not be our Aim, Our Villages must be protected, Familiy culture culture shall be encouraged --- use of Oxen + rearing cows shall be encouraged-- Pass-on the financial benefit to farmers using Bullock Cart+ Animal Draft= giving Cow-Dung-Manure+ Bio Gas,Our Soil will loose fertility--without cowdungManure+ Joint Family culture is ending --Same must be re-established by Incometax Benefit & Financial benefit to Village HBL & use of tractors for farming shall be discouraged - 
1 0 Corporate social responsibility Under the companies act should be used in reducing oil and gas consumption. It should put forward many ways for the reduction of consumption of oil and gas. Credits can be given in the line of carbon credits for not using this much amount of oil and gases under a period.Investing in the production of renewable energy for electricity and for automobile fuels should also be brought under CSR. 
1 0 ham sab ki jimmedari hai ki apni maa Ganga ki nirmalta banayen rakhen  kyonki yah to hamara sobhagya hai ki ham us desh ke vasi hain jis desh me ganga bahti hai aur yah sobhagya har kisi ke naseeb me nahi hai 
0 0 More researches should be conducted to develop and use thorium as a nuclear fuel instead of uranium.India has abundant sources for thorium at Kerala coast.Lack in researches are still the deadlock for thorium instead of Uranium. This will help in stopping import of uranium and also is ore safer fuel.The promotion of available nuclear fuels within the country will help in reducing consumption of oil and gases and also saving Forex reserves. 
1 0 save fuel & save money 
1 0 Honr' PM, @alternative fuels ⛽ why should ld we depend others just get  ideas from scientists and young minds worldwide - #indian minds, for alternate fuel ⛽, we are all depending on one source of fuel alone, why just we can try on diverse fuel that is present today.. ! ...Eg., Methane for agriculture Wind energy from train, frictionheat induction energy ⚡ from service roads, etc...., 
2 0 ek chhoti si koshish.... 
0 0 by celebrating petrol dry day on national holidays. emergency services allowed to fill petrol like ambulance, public transport, govt vehicles and other which is emergency service. but common man must obey 100% implementation to save the petrol. for this petrol pump owner follow the order strictly 
0 0 1.Automobile Manufacturers' domestic and export sales should be such that the manufacturers, after meeting their own import bills, should earn foreign exchange through overseas sales in such a way that their export realisations can meet with the import bills of Petrol and Diesel in respect of vehicles sold in the domestic market. 2. Active life of the vehicles be reduced and fuel efficient vehicles be supported by the Government.3."Off the Road", one day per week be introduced but for emergency 
2 0 40% of fuel cost is in transport sector. subsidise industry engage in manufacturing hybrid car,cabs,TwoWheelers so that fuel import bill is reduced. Increase tax on fuel guzzlers vehicles more than 1000cc engines.Good roads will cut down fuel cost by over10%.pursuade people to use pubic transport by imposing parking charges for large SUV as surcharge. public transport is to be effecient,economical&cheap to persuade people to move. 
4 0 Private companies and Government departments and offices should make it a rule that the employees should not use private vehicles once in a week. They should be encouraged to use public transport services or bicycles if they are staying nearby.For that efficient public transport system should be provided. 
1 0 More exploration for shale gas will be helpful in reducing the use of oil and gas. The dependence on  OPEC should be reduced and other renewable sources should be found out. 
0 0 The use of ethanol as automobile fuel should be promoted. As India is the second largest producer of sugarcane after Brazil this option will boost the agricultural community also. We can save more Forex reserves and also reduce the consumption of oil and gas. There by emissions are also reduced. Brazil had shown a good example of using ethanol in their public transport systems.India should follow and make use of this renewable source of energy. 
1 0 Bicycle riding should be encouraged and use of uncooked food should be encouraged to save fule and gas. 
2 0 CITY LIMIT SHOULD IMPLEMENT ELECTRICAL MOTOR WITH SOLAR CHARGING. THE SOLAR CHARGING SHOULD BE IN ALL PARKING AREA. 
3 0 CYCLE AT HOME CAN SAVE 20 % OF FUEL CONSUMPTION WITH HANDLING 5KM radius OF INDIVIDUAL HOME. PROPER ROUTE SHOULD BE PROVIDED FOR CYCLE RIDING. 
1 0 Banning the advertisement of automobile companies will help in barring auto sales as is in case of Liquor. Although decontrol of fuel is a good step but the Root cause should be eliminated. 
0 0 No one looked towards the pace automobile companies are selling their products with luring advertisments. In November 2014 alone 1.56 lakh cars and 8.53 lakh motorcycles were sold in India. Are they running on water?  Are the roads multiplying at this pace?  Is there need for so much vehicles? Even school going kids possess motor cycle and scooter can't even they use a bicycle. Three cars in one home can be very easily seen. Earlier police used to petrol on cycles giving plenty time in the beat. 
0 1 "New activities"'judicious use of petroleum'.Petroleum diesel kerosene are used in household of urban areas mostly-To conserve our limited stock available for longer time in faith to upcoming generation(s), like Conserving our Honesty Health family welfare at the worse stages of life sequences ...Energy conservation is prime duty as it will result into prosperous happiest beginning with our society than nearby than far away locations also. 
0 1 We can provide subsidy on purchase of petrol and diesel. Private vehicles can be issued cards which will provide them monthly subsidy on certain quantum of usage of petrol/diesel. Any usage above that quantum will be charged higher than the market rate. This will induce the private vehicle owners to use their vehicles less. This is also be very useful since people take their vehicles out even if they need to travel only a short distance. 
0 0 Sirsa police hr 57 3030 model trax.... driver is totally drunken... creating  problems for traffic .....just now in mandi dabwali at colony road... 
0 0 This artical filled my eyes with tear and we are saying "acche din aayenge" 
0 0 Conversion of plastic waste to fuel, awareness campaign in schools and colleges, encourage the use of bicycles, impose levy on  for vehicles with a single person on peak time so as to encourage utilizing  common vehicle. 
0 0 Popularization of bicycles by youth icons through ads would reduce dependence on petrol or diesel based vehicles for lesser or shorter distances. 
0 0 Sir this is great a move to clean India, and the thing is that we must first realize that every one needs significant participation till the word dirt is removed from India.The plastics items should be collected separated and can be recycle and reused .I as a citizen of India pledge to make India dirt free . 
0 0 As c.n.g and l.p.g are eco friendly fuels they will cause no harm to the environment.. which is subject of greatest concern nowadays 
0 0 L.p.g and c.n.g gas should be strictly used as fuel for public transport.which will definitely be feasible for both people as well as for environment 
0 0 this is by using the nanotechnology this is simple,we have to use hydrogen powered vehicles. this leads to zero emissions and also conservation of oil & gas. this technology has not at all announced in india 
0 0 suggestions : (a) mandatory cycling to work places, (b) private vehicle owners to abstain from its use at least 3 days a week, (c) un-cooked breakfast in all homes, (d) mandatory car pool during fortnight, (e) promote renewable sources like tidal, solar, wind, bio-gas, etc. by discounts/subsidies during fortnight (f) competitions in schools for environment friendly re-newable energy plans for future when all fossil fuels will end (g) reward the least consuming family in every assembly area 
0 0 और  शिक्षक  किस   तरह  की  पढाई  वहाँ  करवाएँगे। सभी  शिक्षक  स्कूल  समय  पर  आएँगे  और  अपना  कार्य  पूरी  ईमानदारी  से  करेंगे। जो शिक्षक   किसी  जुगाड़  के  चलते  शिक्षक  बने   है  और   पढाने  में   असमर्थ  है  वो  स्वयं   अपना  इस्तीफा   सरकार  को  सौंप  देंगे। शिक्षा  के स्तर  में  अचानक  उछाल  आ  जाएगा  और  अपने  देश  के  बच्चे  भी  मिसाल कायम  करेंगे।  और  उनका  इलाज  भी  सरकारी  अस्पताल  में  ही  करवाना  जरुरी  हो ताकि  अस्पतालों  की   हालत  में  भी  सुधार  आ  सके । 
1 0 पूरे   भारत  में   यह  नियम  लागू   किया  जाना  चाहिए   कि   जो  भी  व्यक्ति  सरकारी नौकरी में है। चाहे  वो  कलेक्टर  हो  या  SP  या  कोई  अन्य  कर्मचारी। सभी  के  बच्चे  सरकारी  स्कूल में  ही  पढेंगे  और  जिनके  बच्चे  सरकारी  स्कूल  में  न पढते  हो  उन्हें  सरकारी  नौकरियों  से  निकाल  दिया  जाए। सभी  लोग  समझ  सकते  है  कि  जब  जिले  के  कलेक्टर  और  SP  तथा  अन्य अधिकारीयों  के  बच्चे  सरकारी   स्कूल  में  पढ़ना  आरम्भ   कर  देंगे,  तो  उन  स्कूल में  शिक्षा  का  स्तर  क्या  होगा ?  और  शिक्ष 
0 0 Districts should b converted to biogas production hubs, gobar will come frm local farmer's cattle. Thus farmers will earn frm dung n also india will bcome self sufficient in gas production. Fertilizers will b a natural byproduct n also local people will b employed... 
0 0 Just as the system in Ahemdabad and other cities in Gujarat, there shall be a system of gas pipeline in other states as well. The urban dwellings shall have the system of Gas pipelines instead of regualr Gas Cylinder delivery. This shall prevent the unwanted corruption in Gas Agencies along with the conservation of the fuel. Equipments which run on Gas shall be promoted and should be provided at subsidised rates once the agenda of Gas pipeline is achieved. Rural- Cow Dung Plants. 
0 0 Finance minister Mr. Arun jetly has proclaimed that in the next financial year 15-16 All the GOVT's Vacancy will remain closed so request to the gov. that must open vacany 
0 0 1. EDUCATE HOUSEWIVES THE METHODS, TECHNIQUES TO CONSERVE LPG GAS. 2.INCREASE AWARENES AMONG CONSUMERS. 3.INTRODUCE SPECIAL TASK FORCE FOR IMMEDIATE ACTION AGAINST PILFERAGE & LEAKAGES. 4.INTRODUCE A CHAPTER IN SCHOOL STUDY HOW TO CONSERVE GAS & OIL FROM PRIMARY LEVEL 
2 0 Home delivery of gas should be provided  in village also.I saw that people of villages are facing problem and gas agencies are doing wrong fall things they take more money and delivery to anybody who does not have a connection on hire rates 
11 0 Sir traffic Jam is also one of the big factor of Oil and Gas Consumption in our country, lot of vehicle are found stand in long queue by which they consume lot of Oil and CNG this is an extra/unaware consumption of fuel we/our govt. should make the traffic jam situation easy & comfortable and also make aware the people that they should switch off their engine in this situation and also switch off their domestic gas regulator after cooking, this is an easy way of conservation of Oil and GAS...... 