20 1 Respected Sir 1) An Indian citizen should pledge that they will be in touch with family of one soldier' family to make sure that they do not miss him/hr while they are serving the country at the borders 2) A corporate should voluntarily participate in Gram seva every Quarter with paid leave for all the employees of a particular location.This will create awareness,spread joy and improve the life of both urban and rural citizens 
13 4 Keeping cash money in safe deposit locker should be declared as crime.This will help authority to first send person found with cash in locker as criminal.Proving whether it is black or legal comes afterwards. 
13 2 With 100% FDI to one brand-Please give one island to Disney which will give boost to tourism Nearby ports and airports in Bharat will see tremendous growth)and give message for cleanliness. 
31 2 Remove Caste column from all application or other type of various forms of public offices. There must be one column asking for whether belong to special category?...yes/no. If yes which (sc/st/obc)... This is the only way you will get rid of casteism from Bharat 
15 5 There should be 5-6 public holidays only.Employees can choose 3-4 more from the optional list of 15 holidays.It means government offices will remain closed only on 5-6 holidays.Learn from US and other advance countries.This is must for progress of nation. 
7 2 Please honour all padma awardees since independence at a public event to mark swatantrata parva celebration similarly please honour all military vir chakra awardees at a public event on swatantrata parva celebration 
48 1 Respected PM sir As you offer to indian public withdrawn LPG Subdidy as can you ask to public who want withdraw there cast reservation for needful poor people I m ready to withdraw my OBC reservation  for needful people 
2 1 As in d independence day of last year..u mentioned about d cleanliness..cleanings of our localities is necessary nd its a must do activity..but having clean mindset is also very imp.. COMPARISON IS AN INSULT what i prsnally beleive we shuld not cmpare ourself wid others..Others say dat country has developed a lot nd we r still developing..let dem say i have voted a true person nd i beleive we r developing nd v will achieve so many milestone..under u'r good governance... Jai hind✌ 
13 0 Sir, before being a dalit be an indian...before being a kashmiri be an indian..before being a muslim be an indian..before being a hindu be an indian..as some issues has happned recently..nd what i think is with d mindset of people of our nation..what i suggest u shuld put emphasis..dat u r an indian 1st nd d other who is being torchered is also an indian..we all deserve an equal status in d nation..untill nd unless dis mindset will not come atrocities will not end... 
12 0 Respected Sir, We should concentrate on each drop of water 1 ) Rain water harvesting 2) small dams on rivers after each 10 km 3) Big dams after each 100 kms. 4) connecting each dams with other river dams by pipe line for avoiding land problems and water can be transferred from both directions. 5) connecting all of the big revers like this in India. One day water should transferred from Kerala to J & K as well as Asam to Rajastan and vice versa. Thanks. Jay Hind! 
3 0 जय हिंद !!! 
3 3 2nd point-aaj desh ki sabse bdi tension terrorism h Jo hamare neighborhood dwara prayojit no doubt about it.to q na hum un mulko s strictly behave kare.kyun na unse sare bilateral relationship todke unhe aayena dekhaye. sir mere in do points ka aap zikr jrur kre aapse bhot umeed h hame.we love you most and proud of u. thank you sir 
2 2 Respected sir, Indian economy,banking par based hai n apne desh me 75% banking public sector banks ke through hoti hai. Pichle kuch salo se NPA accounts kafi badhte ja rahe hai,jisme wilful defaulters n other defaulters shamil hai. Aaj ki date me PSU banks ka NPA 10% se jyada ho chuka hai,logo ki aadat banti ja rahi hai banks se paise lekar wapis na chukane ki, agar aisa hi raha to aane wale kuch salo me PSU banks doob jayege.Meri aapse vinti hai ki aap speech me defaulters ko sakht warning de. 
5 1 dear pm sir I am prashant.m 2 baton ko btana chaunga Aur chaunga aap ise aapne 15 Aug k speech m samil kare. 1st-sir hum unemployed youth aapki taraf dekh rahe well educated hone k bad v hmare pas achi job nh h na him reservation ko belong krte h.to sir ply help me. 
4 1 dear pm sir I am prashant.m 2 baton ko btana chaunga Aur chaunga aap ise aapne 15 Aug k speech m samil kare. 1st-sir hum unemployed youth aapki taraf dekh rahe well educated hone k bad v hmare pas achi job nh h na him reservation ko belong krte h.to sir ply help me. 
4 0 3).point Mr PM We talk of Swacch Bharat.but we are short of Dustbins.Where can a common man throw wastes or spit when he is on road.More wet and dry dustbins should be installed and then cleaned on the very next day.but nothing of this sort is happening..Toilet numbers have stil not increased sir.. 
0 0 To conti MR PM 2)when tht particular executive takes problems frm his employees and discusses with board some solution will come out and there wil be a pressure to perform. If rail board demand funds & provides suitable explanation why not govt in partnersip with those companies provide funds.ths wil be a part of Companies CSR activities and also lead to railways development.A Board comprisin of companies designated executive should b formed as companies are the major stakeholders indirectly 
3 0 As all are human being, all should be treated equally there should not be cast based reservation in my India. For poor student from any cast should get financial help on return basic without any interest and he should return it after few years. This amount should rotate and I hope there will be golden in my India where no one will be poor. Cast will not be asked in any school/ college and for job...Thanks. Jay Hind!!! 
0 0 Dear PM, To continue with my idea of Indias faster development 2)There are lots of issues train passengers face everyday.it is our lifline.to be frank.it is doing worst..Mr Prabhu promised last year that within 10 days train s wil be om time but still we cnt see any changes. Solution - People who work in companies face major issues.y cant we form a board where a key designated executive of a particular company like RIL for eg,puts forth issues faced by his employees and discus with rail board 
0 1 To conti Dear Pm, Water,etc and submit the report to respective mlas or nagar sevak keeping CM in loop.(There is a chance of political pressure on that student which must be safeguarded).With this many areas wil get covered and development wil.take place with mlas asking for funds and pushing for development.Cost estimation and all will be covered in the project report..If development doesnt take place basis the report same should be escalated to PM for solution 
0 0 Dear Mr Pm, Namaste.I would like you to include following of my ideas in your I-D speech which if implemented may lead to faster development of India 1)why cant we hav a project at graduation or MBA level given to students where intersted one would take up a particular area,study the problems faced by people there,interact with the citizens of that area,give suggetions regarding things to be done for that areas development in terms of clean roads,playgrounds,special way for cycle bus,power w 
1 0 Respected P.M.Sir, I like to talk with you in our country the unemployed peoples is highly increase. This is very dangerous for our country.It increase Terrorist , Crime , Drugs related business , other so many illegal activities are happen. Every one needs money for better Life for his Family or himself .If any educated parson can't get job or any engagement for long period, What will do that Unemployed ? Sir do something for the Unemployed other wise it will be blast at any moment i think. 
2 0 Respected P.M.Sir, I like to talk with you in our country the unemployed peoples is highly increase. This is very dangerous for our country.It increase Terrorist , Crime , Drugs related business , other so many illegal activities are happen. Every one needs money for better Life for his Family or himself .If any educated parson can't get job or any engagement for long period, What will do that Unemployed ? Sir do something for the Unemployed other wise it will be blast at any moment i think. 
0 0 Please Must watch 
0 0 Sustainable Living is a concept to be promoted. It is important that the concept is culminated to the kids of primary schools. This children will transform the society after 20 years. Modus operandi can be worked out locally through the school authorities. Once in a week people can go and take class and give the concept to school children- 
3 0 Arrest wastage of food. In most of the restaurants excess food remains at the end of the day. A collection method can be developed to a mechanism can be devised that it is distributed to economically challenged people of the area in next day. Also efforts can be made that some chemical is developed as preservator for 24 hours. 
0 0 Respected sir Aaj tak Jo b Bharat Ratan k award diye gye h. At least 75% political parties k favourite hone k wajah se diye gye h. Kya is desh me Kisi b kisan ya majdoor ya sainik ko uski complete life k hard work , dedication or sangarash k liye kbi ye award Diya jayega. Agar Kisi b kisan ko as a symbol ye award de Diya jaye Jo Kisi political party se related na Ho to is award Ki b ijjat bad jayegi. Otherwise sab govt me aate hi apne favourite ko ye award pkda dete h or iska matlab nhi rhta 
1 0 1.Our National interests are paramount, to safeguard which we are ready to go to any extent and take on evil and negative forces whether inside our territory or outside. We have crores and crores of  patriotic indians who are ready to support and walk with us in support of pro-public and progressive policies of the government, wherein lots of ideas they only contributed. They will not tolerate any small fringe groups attempt of trying to stop or slow down the progress of the nation. 
5 0 1)There should be compulsion for the rainwater harvesting before the construction of house. 2) Compulsory education on disaster management and water litracy at the SSC & HSC level 3)Special attention towards the  Drought Prone Area, rapidly deforesting areas 4) Compulsory Meter connection for water in Urban areas e.g. 20 Rs for 1000 ltr water and reduced the hours of water residential areas. Strict and leagal action on water wasting. Thanks a lot Respected PM of India 
0 0 Education till secondary, should include,salient points from our ancient scriptures- Brigu samhita,vedas,upanishads,other like chanakya,stories of freedom fighters.Railways can increase the train fares every month/quarter in small increments.Income tax rebates limits under various categories should be yearly increased depending on inflation.Property registration taxes should be kept at minimum level of 5 % to avoid black money.All job reservations should be limited to first generation only. 
2 0 #mannkibaat for Peace in Kashmir please take action for integrating Kashmiris in rest of India. Two radical suggestions to our beloved Kashmiris 1. Give Kashmiris  reservation in job in central/state govt., in educational institutes. Consider them as OBC if income is below a threshold Eg Rs 3 lakh per annum & reserve say 1% point for them out of 27%. 2. In 2% CSR expenses of companies, companies should be able to recruit Kashmiris and their salary can be CSR expenses capped at 0.3-.5% point. 
1 0 Talk on Army's issues. Work on improving training, food, clothing and equipment of Army soldiers. Need to re-visit Army's social set-up. (a) Most soldiers are not trained in martial arts and are not agile and flexible. Use ancient Indian martial arts, which were based on Yog to strenthen our soldiers. (b) The way they manage their food and diet especially in field areas (Langar system is bad, think modern) (c) make clothing of uniform more hot weather conducive. 
0 0 1. All India Broad band connectivity. 2. Mobile Health vehicles for villagers of India. 3. Mobile Courts for speedy disposal of revenue cases of villages. 4. Separate Civil Services examination for IAS, IRS, IPS etc.. 5. Cooperative agriculture activity in areas like Banda in U P and other such areas in the Country like AMUL'S in Gujarat. 
0 0 Respected Sir This is our country golden era with u but sir our sports going in to deep well, in rio Olympic we r down to earth, sir plz ask online update of players from coach's in every game authority give appreciation to our sports players give them facilities to them instead of sports officers, they don't work probably with players, 1.25 Karod me ek khiladi nahi paida kar paye jis par ham sar utha ke khate ke ye medal dilayega. 
0 0 Hamare priye Pradanmantri jee..!! Namaskar, Me chahta hun aap student ko protsaran ke liye kuch bole. apka ek har bat hamlogo ko motivate karta hai. thank you 
0 0 बचपन में एक कहावत सुनी थी " युनानो मिश्रो रूमा सब मिट गए जहाँ से, फिर भी बाकि है अभी नामो निशा हमारा। कुछ बात है हममे की हस्ती हमारी मिटती नहीं, सदियों रहा है दुश्मन दौरे जहाँ हमारा।" आज के इस दौर में घर चलाने बहुत मुश्किल है लेकिन आप तो पूरा देश चला रहे है भारत के हर इंसान को रोजगार दिलवाया जाये ताकि कोई भूख ना रहे भूख इंसान की सबसे बड़ी कमजोरी है जिस दिन सबको रोजगार मिल जायेगा उस दिन भारत एक खुशहाल भारत बन जायेगा फिर किसी देश की हिम्मत नही होगी की वह हिंदुस्तान को अलग कर सके। 
0 0 hamare desh ka vikas tabhi hoga jab logo ko 15 August aur 26 January ko kyo manaya jata hai matlab samajh me aye.vastivakata to yah hai ki desh ki 90% logo ke liye enka matlab nahi pata. wo log apni paresaniyo me hi uljhe rahate hai. agar sahi mane me desh ki seva karana chahate hai es desh se kam se kam teen chijo ko door karna hoga 1. education system 2.population 3.corruption bharat mata ki jai 
1 0 Honorable PM sir, i suggest you u to speak on the children living in the slum and on the road side with many  fundamental difference 
0 0 Respected PM sir, education isost important key for development. I request you to pay keen attention to free exams from copying. Self centre exams should be abolished. Students and parents are moving towards only more marks in their mark sheets for marit based selection for jobs. Quality education is lacking and acute shortage of good teachers with teaching attitude. Let us make freedom from wrong practices in exams and education system. Regards Satya veer singh Moradabad (UP) 
0 0 SIR HAPY INDDAY, I WISH U PLZ ADDRESS THE NATION ON POPULATION EXPLOSION AND ALL WANT ROTI AND DAL 50 RS. HOW IT IS POSSIBLE WHEN DEMAND IS MORE AND SUPPLY IS LESS WE MUST STOP POPULATION EXPLOSION THANKING U SIR SADASHIV PATIL ADVOCATE KARNATAKA 
0 0 So a) Strong self sufficient models for villages to reduce pressure on urban infrastructure due to disproportionate migrations (b) Using ancient Indian education system to give right orientation to our future generations (c) Reiterate why should Kashmir stay with India and a word to boost morale of our troops bearing the burden of inefficiency, softness, indecisiveness, poor strategy, poor diplomacy, lack of ideas and corruption of the Central govt. 
0 0 Respected sir. Ye sab dekhne me bda hi accha lag rha h Ki desh ko angrojo se aajad hue 70 saal hone wale h. But Kisan or majdoor to aaj b gulaam hi h.Garib aadmi bus ka ticket na le to 10 times fine. WO b on the spot. Leader Crores ka ghotala Kr lets h. Sab ko pta b chal jata h par aaj tak 1 single rs Ki recovery Kisi beta se nhi hui. Why the rule is different for poor people. When will the poor people will get real freedom and equality in this nation. Why all rules apply on poor people only. 
0 1 Respected Sir , our country is celebrating its  70th Independence day on 15th August, why we do not mention this day according to Indian national calendar ' Sakabda calendar ' . It's our national calendar it is same important as national anthem or National flag.Even I did not heard any of our  prime minister or president wishes the nation on its new year day on 22nd march generally.India never gives the value of National Calendar - it's not a good message for next generation.with regards -Pinaki 
1 0 I really hope,dear Prime Minister, you will look into the attached matter and highlight the mentioned issues in your speech on our Independence Day :-) (Attached PDF file) 
1 0 Respected PM, It's plusere to interact with you directly. I would like to request you to include a message/appeal to citizens to leave footpaths to meet with its purpose to walk on it. I found that all the footpaths are occupied by cars or hockers leaving no place for people to walk and hence cause congestion on road which reduces vehicle movement. It is observed that people build big houses occuping each corner of the plot without leaving required space for vehicles of the occupants. 
1 0 1more which is seriously bothering is donations & tution fees of schools &colleges. They are ever increasing. When we Qns,they say,if you cant afford, dont join. Qns arais. can everyone afford it? Is getting quality education inIndia so much costly? Can't we by no means control their sky touching inflation? All educational institutions seems to have formed syndicates where all agree upon and no one can question them. I may not afford, but I wish my child gets decent education. Plz help. 
1 0 Sir, For casting our votes,there is no criteria to ensure that, those who r voting r eligible to vote except that one has to be 18+ to vote So, if there is a exam (comprising of political awareness,G.K,logical thinking) to ensure that voters really know what purpose they r serving,this will be really helpful for our mission to education for all, as this exam will break down this vote bank politics, n politicians will have to make people educated if they want votes. + exams for our leaders too:) 
1 0 All dust beans in our premises to be painted with a slogan of "Swachcha Bharat, Shresth Bharat " to have more impact on the subject matter. We have done it in electric loco shed,Ajni ,Nagpur and we are getting good response from the staff. 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister You have set great vision of "SWATCH BHARAT" - People are very happy with this initiatives. There are visible improvements shown by Railway. But States are not taking interest especiall BJP rules States. Believe me - people are ready to support you. Please urge all Chief Minister to spend at least spend one hr in a week to review the progress.Jai Jai Hind 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Modi ji, can we have an institution like IIM for research & education in Economics with name IIE i.e I I of Economics ? & to enhance research, can we start compulsory research program at graduate & post graduate level ? Thanks 
0 0 India is going develop but rich people going very rich, poor people becoming poor. and one more very important now a days youth and youngsters not taking of parents responsibility.  Begging is spreading like cancer please give top priority to this issue and sir speech about above subject if you like.  Still very small kids also they are begging is very dangerous for India now 
0 0 सर अब वक्त आ गया है जब हमें फिर से आजादी की लौ देशवासियों के दिलों में जगानी होगी। हर हिन्दुस्तानी एक देशभक्त है सिर्फ जरूरत है उनमें सोई हुई देशभक्ति को जगाने की और मुझे पूर्ण विश्वास है कि यह काम आप बखूबी कर सकते है और सिर्फ आप ही कर सकते हैं क्योंकि न जाने देश को फिर ऐसा कोई बेटा मिलेगा या नहीं जो सिर्फ अपने देश के लिये अपना पूर्ण जीवन समर्पित कर देगा। लालकिले की प्राचीर से एक बार फिर आजादी का बिगुल बजाकर सवा सौ करोड़ देशवासियों को अपनी देशभक्ति की ताकत पर भरोसा करना सिखा दीजिये। 
1 0 Respected sir pranaam sir Maine sab jo mai kahna chahta tha jpg form mai upload kar dia hai aasha h aap jarur daikhenge thanks sir 
1 0 Working on fundamental world view of a child during the beginning of the education through ancient Indian practices will ensure that our future generation do not grow up to be perverts and horrible incidents with safety and dignity of women happening everywhere in India, will reduce certainly. Just strengthening laws will not help much unless we change the mentality of our people who look at women in a certain sick way. 
1 0 dear sir..a strong message for pakistan is the need of hour,we cant let our soldiers n citizens die n suffer.all elected mps n mla should ensure their contituency have better roads,transportation,public transport,to facilitate make in india,infrastructure througout India is needed badly..this will boast make in india,tourism and gdp.make all govt procedures easy n hassel free for citizens.businesses r bad needs support of govt.thank you sir... 
0 0 The plant is being offered while welcoming the seniors instead  of bouquet 
0 0 sir please find the attachment my 
0 0 #IndependenceDay2016 #MyGov राज्यों के स्तर पर सभी जन प्रतिनिधियों एवं सरकारी विभागों के मध्य एक स्वस्थ प्रतियोगिता का सञ्चालन किया जाये एवं सर्वोत्कृष्ट प्रदर्शन करने वाले विभागों एवं जन प्रतिनिधियों को माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी एवं मुख्यमंत्री जी प्रत्येक वर्ष  स्वतंत्रता दिवस पर सम्मानित करें। 
0 0 Honorable prime minister we grow with technology with negative side too especially in transportation. Today young boys and girls including professional commute to office through car. As i see everyday that one person drive one car just to show off and for status symbol which lead to traffic congestion and pollution. As one person occupy large space on road with car almost 6 feet man occupy around 15 to 18 feet space on road which lead to traffic and pollution so kindly request all to avoid car. 
0 0 still I can see beggars on the street and there is no improvement when it comes to development of poor people. 
1 0 I am Senior Divisional Electrical Engineer ,in nagpur,Central Railway. Last five year I have started tradition of  gifting a plant on retirement of employee in Railways. From last two years for welcome of higher officers and dignitaries also being done by a tree plant. I request you sir  to appeal the people of india and specially Govt servants to follow this practice. It will save money on flower bouquet and will promote green environment. 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री नरेन्द्र मोदीजी सादर प्रणाम आपकी सभी योजना ये सामान्य नागरिक के लीए लाभदायक है ओर उतम सेवा प्रदान करने वाली सभी योजना है मेरा एक योजना है जो हर नागरिक को लागु होगी बैंक सभी लोगों से रुपीया लेकर दुसरो को लोन देती है और बिज़नेस करता है क्या हम स्मार्ट सीटी वाले अपने शहरों के लीए एक अलग से स्मार्टसीटी अकाउंट खोलकर वो रुपया स्मार्टसीटी के विकास मैं लगाया जाये इस योजना से जनभागीदारी भी बढ़ेगी ओर बेहतरीन और जल्द विकास होगा में यह कार्य शुरू भी कर दीया है धन्यवाद भारत माता की जय 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister; In the path of Mahatma Gandhi and Culture, the people of India should be more disciplined. WE need some innovative plans on making people more positive.  I do see a lot of initiatives.we need more. Thank you for your efforts 
0 0 hello sir,if you want to clean INDIA please appeal to all nation for minimum use of PLASTIC in daily life because of plastic i think 90% of uncleaness happen. 
0 0 pradhan mantri ji pls say some think about private job.There job hour,salary pacage and environment (specially hospitality industry)thanku 
0 0 Improve the content of curriculum in basic education. Indian education system should have holistic Yog; starting with Kriya Yog for little children. They will grow up with good concentration powers, healthy bodies and right orientation. Knowledge of cosmology. geneologies, concept of time and other dimensions, human histyory as described by ancient seekers in Vedas, Buddhist texts etc. This will give them right idea about their existence and history in general. 
0 0 Respected sir, My request to you please request to all indian people for pledge for organ donation and donate organ after death because many number of patients require organs and suffer from many organ failure and in india only 0.2% people donate organ ,requirement is very high. Thank you sir #independenceDay2016, #MyGov 
0 0 The women security is one of the biggest issues to be dealt by us in India. We need to understand that why we have to ... Recent incident of gang-rape in Delhi, the capital of India, has aggravated the subject of women's security which was ... 
0 0 dear prime minister ji before to accomplish any vision any dream any task any objectives any goal..we have to be very strong by mind and heart..and our heart and mind works together on the basis of strong determinations... for setting determination by mind and heart ,there is a need of spirituality chanting mantra only for 108 times at once in the morning- " hare krishna hare krishna krishna krishna hare hare hare rama hare rama rama rama hare hare " sahil arora alwar rajasthan 301001 
0 0 Honorable PM sir, Though we have multiple states physically marked within India, we are all called ONE, known as India. However,though we have different political parties ruling different states and other political party/parties ruling India at centre, there is disconnection among centre &state gov't s. I suggest we need single govering system following hierarchy at all levels like CMs reporting to PM . CMs should not be left free without reporting to anyone. Thank you Sreenath 
0 0 for peace in country its important to keep people busy in work , sports or cultural activities (Music , painting etc). Such things should be organised including villages and cities. 
0 0 1. Agriculture and allied sectors like forestry and fisheries accounted for 13.7% of the GDP (gross domestic product) in 2013, about 50% of the workforce. The economic contribution of agriculture to India's GDP is steadily declining with the country's broad-based economic growth. 2. Plastic Bags are only used for about 10 minutes and then tossed. They are difficult to recycle and it is not economically ... 3. The women security is one of the biggest issues to be dealt by us in India. We ne 
1 0 Respected Sir, We all need to re-dedicate ourselves to the service of nation and thereby to 1/6th of humanity.  In order to promote excellence in all walks of life from bus driver, truck driver, postman, peasant, soldier and school teacher to Nobel Laureates, spiritual leaders, voluntary sector) in our vast nation, it is necessary to introduce a system of awards, prizes, and similar forms of public appreciation of hardworking and dedicated individuals, communities and organisations. 
0 0 कहावत है कि जब जागों तभी सवेरा। हम सभी देशवासी अपने प्रधानमंत्री की ओर आशा भरी निगाहों से देख रहे हैं कि एक और सरदार पटेल हमें तकदीर से मिला है तो क्यों न सरदार पटेल की काश्मीर के प्रति जो नीति थी उसे अपनाकर काश्मीर में शांति स्थापित की जाये। तभी हम काश्मीर की जनता को यह विश्वास दिला सकेंगे कि वो हम में से ही हैं, हम सब एक ही भारत माँ की संतानें हैं। हमें एक दूसरे के हितों के बारे में एक सा सोचना है, तभी हमारे भारत के एकता में अनेकता के सपने को साकार कर सकेंगे। 
0 0 India is achieving excellence by leaps & bound in all fields. On this independence day our Honorable P.M. should speak on terrorism and praise our soldiers. Corruption and black money are also  important issues from which we need freedom. You may motivate our Youth to be honest, patriot and not to involve with Separatist as seen in J&K. You may also speak some facts that makes the India Vishwa Guru. 
0 0 Fm exCMDHSCL MBA plusBE(Mech), CEO&MD FSNLwithstoodtorture refusing corrupt orders ofMINISTRY& inFeb 2001 I was mawled and trampled by JS(M)MinOf Steel Smanoharan,ref mylet15.12.2000 to Secy STEELcompelling me to resign, although JS investigation in1997at FSNL, &ministry had rated me OUTSTANDINGas done byministry&steelminister SANTOSH MOHONDEVfor ten years. SteelMinisterDilip Roy wanted me in 1999 tobe CHAIRMAN SAIL.NripenMisra appreciated me@ NINLdue my leadership& deliverance.SEEK justice fmPM 
0 0 Respected Modi ji Please announce the which step are taken by you or will be taken by the Government to control the prices of daily needs as the prices are going up day by day. You should also take effective step to control the hording . They common man now saying that BJP govt. of traders and failed to control the price hike due to soft corners with the traders. Strict steps and effective control on the bureaucrats require for the implementation of Govt. polices. 
2 0 #IndependenceDay2016 #MyGov जिस प्रकार ट्विटर के माध्यम से रेल एवं विदेश मंत्रालय से आम जनता सीधे संपर्क कर अपनी शिकायतें, समस्याएं एवं सुझाव पहुंचा रही है क्या इसी प्रकार सभी सरकारी विभागों, पार्षदों, विधायकों एवं सांसदों तक भी स्थानीय स्तर पर संपर्क स्थापित किया जा सकता है। राज़्यों के स्तर पर एक वेब पोर्टल की कल्पना की जाये जहाँ आम जन अपनी शिकायतें एवं सुझाव रख सकें। राज्यों के स्तर पर स्थानीय नेतृत्व एवं सरकारी विभागों के कार्यों का मूल्यांकन आम जन द्वारा इस वेब पोर्टल पर किया जाये। 
0 0 Make roof water harvesting mandatory. The government should provide the necessary technique and know how to every citizen. Ground water level is depleting fast also each new city coming smart or not must have provisions for lakes to maintain ground water level.#IndependenceDay2016, #MyGov 
0 0 Respected PM, I am Sagar 3 mnths before i was in kashmir i saw people there they are too much lagging with respect to facilities education nd technology all their past present nd future are only full of bomb blast bullets guns nd terrorism.i am requesting on the occassion of 15th Aug please assure kashmirions for their independence from all these things going on since 65 years just give such message from red fort that will assure them nd also warn our neighbour which never given by ny PM yet. 
0 0 Respected PM Modi Ji, Namskar I shared my views in attached pdf, Please take a view. 1.women Security in Our country 2. Please do Kashmir Resolution-Dil Dukhta hai Sir un logo ko goliyo ke saye me jeete huye dekh ke 3.Education should be available for everyone-free for poor and middle class and high class also, and lower the interest rate or free on education loan.4. jai Jawan aur jai Kishan Dono ki taraf dhyan dene ki awsykata hai sir-detail in attachment.5 Gau Maa ki hatya/taskri roko pls 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, हिन्दुस्तान को कभी सोने की चिड़िया कहा जाता था, लेकिन आज हिन्दुस्तान ऐसी स्तिथि में है कि एक वक़्त की रोटी भी मुश्किल है। आप से अनुरोध है कि हर महीने भारत के हर नागरिक से मात्र 1 ₹ लिया जाये तो शायद एक साल में 1200000000₹ होते है इन पैसो से सरकार भारत के कितने ही बेरोज़गारों को रोज़गार दे सकती है। जब हर इंसान के  पास रोजगार होगा तो शायद कोई भूख नहीं सोयेगा और ना ही वह चोरी करेगा। जब इंसान के पास कोई काम नही होता है तो वह गलत रास्ता चुनता है हमे आपकी सरकार से बहुत उम्मीद है 
0 0 Sir please say about how are we making sure schemes are getting implemented as we know about a lot of schemes ..we don't results of those. Also, middle class is always a forgotten and please talk about what govt is doing for these people and not just about rch 
0 0 Respected PM of India. Its time we stop celebrating independence from the white traders and time to unit the nation on interdependence - one caste ,  one bharat 
0 0 Free our cities of slums. Starting with our financial capital Mumbai. Do a survey in slums and find of which top 10 regions where the slum dwellers come from to Mumbai and work on those areas immediately so that these poor people go back and don't need to migrate out of their homes. Strong self dependent village set ups should be PMs message on Independence Day. 
0 0 A slogan for this Independence Day is : Let us develop " Positive india , competent india and projectised india ( PI,CI ,PI ) And always : Think positive , Think Possible , Think Digital , Think Options and Think Solutions " I am working for disseminating positive thinking in the masses . 
0 0 Respected Sir, we appreciate the steps taken by you under Swach Bharat Abhiyan.Now is required to add one more important step to bound every citizen of Indian to clean his sorrounding area once in a month under your Swach Bharat Abhiyan. Govt. can declare last saturday of every month as a Sanitation Day. On this day from 7AM to 9AM should be declared as no public movement on the roads except Police, army, media, court, VIP etc. Also office timing should be declared from 11AM onward on that day. 
0 0 #IndependenceDay2016, #MyGov Dear Sir... I suggest you to speak especially on Skill development and Job creation through small startups. Through speech, you can encourage and give some confidence to the people of our Nation to startup something & create jobs/feed others. Most of the people having enough money/knowledge can do that, but they may not due to lack of confidence. By the way, Happy Independence Day to you & All in advance. Thanks & Regards, Manish Deshmukh 
1 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, मैं आपसे निवेदन करता हूँ कि हिन्दी में भाषण दें 
0 0 Respected sir,please call the nation to celebrate independence day as our religious festivals,to celebrate every body get holiday as compulsory,most of the people going to work on this day  forcibly either by their employers or getting OT.To celebrate this function parents must be with their children's ,so that parents also go to  their children's school and celebrate together,then only we develop nationality.secondly create awareness about water, which is serious matter in coming days.thank y 
0 0 Respected Sir, Govt should pay Rs.1 crore  or more to the family of soldiers who lost and sacrifice their life on border and please creat prime minister soldiers fund. This funds should directly benefit of soldiers family. All income tax benefits should be given so everyone will give donations. Thank you 
1 0 प्रधान सेवक जी, गाँवो में कब un interrupted  इन्टरनेट मिलेगा ताकि कभी हम लोग पैतृक गांव से कुछ आरम्भ कर सकें या वही रुक कर IT  या विदेशी कंपनियों को वहां से बिना चिंता किये सपोर्ट कर सकें। क्या आप देश से अपील करेंगे की बारिश अच्छी हुयी है तो मौसमी बीमारियां भी साथ लेकर आयेगी, बहुत वर्षो बाद ये रिपीट हुआ है , अतः शायद आम आदमी की तैयारी न हो, तो जनता कृपया सावधान हो जाए ताकि डॉक्टर का ज्यादा चक्कर ना लगे व जनता जनार्धन का भी पैसे व समय की बर्बादी ना हो. नीरज जागेटिया 
0 0 The power of any lies in its youth.By increasing the participation of youth in nation building activities we can surely realize the dream of developed India.We some youth who were inspired by Swami Vivekanda have started a small social initiative named Yuvaan at Ahmednagar,Maharashtra.Yuvaan support socially & economically underprivileged orphan & other needy students for their higher education & employment.Yuvaan aims to build up the nation by building up character.Please visit www.yuvaan.org 
0 0 प्रधान सेवक जी, एक और बात जब भी देश में भारत सरकार कुछ ठीक करती है, कुछ मीडिया वाले एकाएक सक्रिय हो कर देश की पॉजिटिव न्यूज़ की डायरेक्शन बदलने का प्रयास करते है. . क्या आप कुछ बोलना पसंद करोगे इस पर. NDTV , बीबीसी आदि आदि. अच्छा मंच है, अच्छे प्रयासों  को एक ही मंच पर लाकर जनता के सामने कैसे रखे ऐसी भी  बात बोले. 
0 0 To reduce loss of perishable vegetables and agricultural produce , warehousing for storage and small  agro product processing units to be set up at all nodal points. This shall save huge waste and also provide employment to local persons. India specific technology including traditional methods for processing the agro products will help the farmers and consumers alike. 
0 0 प्रधान सेवक जी, क्या आप अपील कर सकते है की एक शिक्षित , एक अनपढ़ गरीब को बैंक अकाउंट व् एटीएम ऑपरेट करना सिखाये, आज भी मेरे को ऐसे लोग मिलते है जो कहते है कि हमें एटीएम ऑपरेट करना नहीं आता इसीलिये खाते को operate नहीं करते है व् साथ ही गिल्टी फील करते कि काश वो बचपन में पढ़े होते , में चाहता हूं जिस तरह जान धन स्कीम में आपने बोला की आपने घर आने वाली काम वाली बाई का खाता भी खुलवाये, इसी तरह अब समय आ गया कि आपको इसकी जागरूकता के बाते में भी सपोर्ट में आना चाहिये. 
0 0 Dear NAMO ji, My humble views on certain areas of improvement... 
0 0 1.helpline number if somebody is being harassed by police unnecessarily 2.traffic jam  in cities ,shifting Railway lines and railway gates which are inside cities e.g Guwahati has more than 10 railway gates creating traffic 3.Improvement of govt schools and govt hospitals. Cap on private hospitals who are putting unnecessary burden on common man and Cap on doctor's commission from labs which results in high diagnostic cost 4.Encourage cheap generic medicines 5.yoga classes in school 
0 0 .प्रधान सेवक जी, नमस्कार मैं एक आम आदमी हूं और देश के प्रधान से ये उम्म्मीद कर सकता हूं कि अपने देश की विदेशो में प्रवासी भारतीयो में व् विदेशी सरकारों के नज़र में साख बढ़ी है पर, ये कब होगा जब मेरे देश का आदमी इसको देश में ही हकीकत में महसूस कर सकें. देश के नागरिक कब ट्रैफिक नियमों का पालन कर स्वयं व् औरो  को भी समय पर घर जाने में मदद करेंगे, में जल्दी में पहले में कही न कही तो जाकर जाम लगेगा ही. क्या आप अपील कर सकते है. 
0 0 Honorable PM, please urge to the people not to use plastic and polythene.. because - 1- polythene kills cow. 2- polythene is one of the biggest challenge for the cleanliness and SWACH BHARAT ABHIYAAN. 3- polythene is a biggest reason of gutter blockage and destroying drainage system. 4- use of polythene is harmful for Human health. 5- polythene and plastic affect organic waste recycling system. 6- even it increase unemployment in rural area. 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी इस बार आप शिक्षा के नाम पर हो रहे अन्याय अनैतिकता और शिक्षा मे भ्रष्टाचार से हो रहे राष्ट्रीय व बौद्धिक क्षति के बारे मे बोले, सरकारी विद्यालयों मे शिक्षा का स्तर चिंतनीय ही नहीं अपितु दुखद और भयावह है। शिक्षक है, पूरा शैक्षणिक तंत्र है, मूलभूत सुविधाएं भी है परंतु कुछ है नहीं तो वह है शिक्षा की गुणवत्ता, कही कही तो शिक्षक ही मात्र है, न विद्यालय है और न ही मूलभूत सुविधा। यह स्थिति कब तक बनी रहेगी? प्राइमरी विद्यालयों के शिक्षक चयन मे भी पुनर्विचार की आवश्यकता है, समाचार पत्रों 
0 0 my Dear Prime Minister, it's my great pleasure to share my burning thought with you: Our National Flag is kept away from masses.  In the so called guise of respecting it, our National Flag is made as untouchable for a common man. When I see the picture of my Mother I feel proud and happy. Similarly our National Flag represents my Great Country which I love so much. I fell sad when I am told of so many restrictions on displaying the same. Please allow the public to proudly display the Flag freely 
0 0 Sir I belong from UttarPradesh... and please say to your all UP's member of parliaments for visit one to two time each village in their district for up election point of view for solving problems, and other things. I hope it will be good thing for public as well as party. And second thing is Railway.. I know work in progress for modernisation, but some steps are must taken like that reducing train late time. 
0 0 सर नमस्कार् मॆरा यह मानना है कि यदि सभी नॆ अपनॆ अपनॆ व्यवसाय कॆ अनुसार इमानदारी ऎवम् मन लगाकर काम किया तॊ भ्रष्टाचार कॆ लियॆ कॊई जगह नहि रहॆगी. धन्यवाद्. 
0 0 plz find the attachment sir 
0 0 Respected Sir I have attached my ideas. 
0 0 Respected sir u have to talk about increasing rape incidents in our country... on one side u start a mission beti padhao beti badhao & on other side cruelty towards womens in our country is increasing day by day...so u hv to talk about this.. 
0 0 Dear PM Modiji, Its sad to see India's state in medal listing @ Rio Olympics. Next Olympics we should see India in top 3 or at least top5 in medal listing. We must have an exclusive University/college for Sports. I understand there is I.Gandhi Inst of Physical Education&Sports and few colleges/dept in universities dedicated to sports. But all are quite weak and failing to create achievers.Please launch exclusive college/univ directly monitored by you focusing only sports. "Univ of India Sports". 
0 0 sir vibhinn yojnayo me loan ke liye aavedan karne jate hai to pahle kaha jata hai ki bankaapko projected loan de sakti hai? bank jate hai to kaha jata hai kya aap ITR bharte hai berojgar yuva yahi vapas aa jate hai kya loan sirf bade udhyogpatiyo ko diya ja sakta hai? "bank ki jawabdari tay honi chahiye ki har aavedak ko loan muhaiyya karwaye" 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, नमस्ते, 15 अगस्त 2016 को लालकिले की प्राचीर से अगर आप युवाओं के लिए कुछ ठोस घोषणा करें तो बड़ी कृपा होगी।  दुनिया के सबसे बड़ी  मानव संसाधन(युवा शक्ति ) के परिश्रम को  उत्पादकता में बदलने  के लिए कुछ सक्षम नीति की घोषणा करें.  समाज में ऐसे परिश्रमी युवाओं की कमी नहीं है जिन्हें हम कच्चा माल उपलब्ध करा कर उनसे गुणवत्ता वाली वस्तु  बनवा सकते हैं और बिना बिचौलिया के सरकार के सिस्टम से मार्केटिंग की एक उचित टीम की मदद से मार्किट मुहैया करवा सकते है. 
0 0 Berojgari hatao desh ki GDP badao desh ko aage badao........................... Hum badhege to hi Desh badhega................... 
0 0 Respected PM Modi,Thank you for leading us all back to going beyond complaining to BE THE CHANGE!With growing incidents of crime against children we see immorality at its peak. Sir I believe the change makers HAVE to be the TEACHERS, up-gradation of those who chose the profession not out of passion but as the only remaining opportunity to earn,giving them the BELIEF that they are the TORCHBEARERS and hence need to be nothing but set an example by  LOVING,UNDERSTANDING,RIghteous & responsible 
0 0 Berojgari hatao desh ki GDP badao desh ko aage badao........................... Hum badhege to hi Desh badhega................... 
0 0 Berojgari hatao desh ki GDP badao desh ko aage badao........................... Hum badhege to hi Desh badhega................... 
0 0 Berojgari hatao desh ki GDP badao desh ko aage badao........................... Hum badhege to hi Desh badhega................... 
0 0 Tree plantation to be taken up with planting fast growing, medium growth and slow growing trees in all the areas to help conserve soil, prevent soil erosion. This along with water recycling and ground water recharging, rain water harvesting shall ensure environment protection and prevent immediate damage to environment. 
0 0 Sir Jb tk Bharat se berojgari nahi hategi Bharat ka Bikash Samvaw nahi hai aur na hi desh aage badhega, na hi GDP badhega. Berogari Hategi to hi desh ka bikash hoga Desh Badhega GDP badhega hum badege. Ajadi ke 70 ssal ke bad Garibo ko 2 wakt ki Roti ka jugard nahi kr pate ? Kya hi aajadi 
0 0 bharat yuva desh  hai  or jyadatar yuva vyasan ki lat me jindagi barbad kar rahe hai,stop them. or bhartiyo ko svadeshi chije use karne ke liye prerit kare. 
0 0 Many many thanks to the Pradhan Sevak and team for the work which the country needs.My suggestions are 1. Please make strong and strict regulations which would enable to fix the accountability for ones responsibility, from the lower level to a bureaucrat. People should be held responsible for what they are getting paid. 2. Healthcare is one sector which is full of corruption and needs a revamp. 3. Due to nearly NO profit in farming, people are migrating from villages. Do something for farmers 
0 0 sir yadi do  se jyada baccho walo ke b.p.l card banana band ho jaye to bharat ki aadhi samasya khatm ho jaye 1. jansankhya vriddhi rukegi                                        2.budget ka adhiktam bhag b.p.l. card walo par kharch karna padhta hai usme bachat hogi wohi paisa inhe rojgar dene me invest kiya ja sakta hai  3.alpsankhyak samudai ki badhti aabadi ko rokne me yeh upay kargar sabit hoga jinse unka bhi jivan star sudhrega 4. jaise do se adhi baccho par sarkari naukri nahi  di ja sakti 
0 0 Sir me bihar madhubani distric se girijesh mishra ye request karna chahta hu ki aap 15 august ko us student ko motivate kare jo 12th paas karne ke baad engineering karne se darte he ab kyonki unke man me nokari na milne ka dar paida ho gaya h bas itni si request h plz plz boliyega sachin aur amitabh jaise aadmi ka sujhaw to lijiye hi saath me mera v baat boliyega apni tarah se tab aapke is bhakt ko bharosa ho jayega bhagwan sabke liye h chahe wo garib hi kyon na ho thanku sir we indian love u 
0 0 I don't have any good feeling about India Independence as such. One thing I would like to suggest is history to be correctly written in school textbooks, there is no need to bifurcate society by its cast/religion either in education or opportunities.We need corruption free India where politicians live like a common man.Last but not the least Modi has to live with his words on corruption and red tape.Managerial failure in administration looks evident,that should vanish.Law should ban conversion. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Special thanks to you for giving me chance, but do strong action against rape and all crime and please give help to mechanical engineer who are struggling for their careers in India.. Thanking you Tushar Subhash Shinde 9552802124 9423552131 
0 0 Dear Sh Modiji, in order to save further damages to our rivers, it is suggested that ALL tge sewage water should be treated before it is left in tge rivers. Alternatively, it can be recycled for sanitation purposes and/or left in dry borewells to help recharge ground water. The sewage treatment to be made mandatory in all areas- rural, semi urban, urban, metropolitan. Similarly rain water harvesting to be madecmandatoey in all areas. This along with massive tree plantation will help Indiaprosper 
0 0 Thoughts of every Indian needs to be changed. Many of us have forgotten the "patriotism" bcos we have lost our love for our motherland ; our nation ; great India. Our dirty politics and greedy politicians are mainly responsible for the change of this decreased love towards our country. Corruption at political level,in government offices,contractor's game of bribing the government officers etc.should be stopped by string operations. We need to reestablish our brotherhood and love among people. 
0 0 plz find the attachment sir.... 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी सादर नमस्कार । हमारे यहाॅ का नेसनल हाइवे 75 सतना से बेला रीवा तक की हालत बहुत ही खराब है आये दिन बडे बडे गड्डो मे बाहन फस जाते है और जाम लग जाता है।ठेकेदारो के आपसी बिवाद के कारण काम रूका पडा है।क्रपया इस सडक को यथा सीघ्र बनवाने की कृपा करे। आपका ही विवेक त्रिपाठी महामंत्री भाजपा मंडल रामपुर बाघेलान सतना मध्य प्रदेस। 
0 0 Mr. Narendra modi ji.. I want talk to you.in our country the unemployed people is highly increase..this is very dangerous for our country...in our country the corrupted peoples are much more increase..n our country many laws are passed but any officer doesn't change.whenever you have been come our city Rourkela..You have been said our govt hospital to create medical collage.but after one year this not worked.modi ji you worked very hard..I know our country is very beautiful.but some peoples are 
0 0 Dear PM, Thanks for listening to people's expectations. I want you to give further  strong message to our immature neighbour, in line to the your speech in All party meet. Along with that now it's high time take decisions against people who are supporting vested interest of Pakistan, just to appose Nationalist Government led by Nationalist Leader to score their points. I suggest you to appeal all eligible people to start paying income tax. Thank you. Keep doing great work. 
0 0 Sir, you must touch upon the aspect of basic civic sense of Indian people may that be around cleanliness or traffic or public behavior, the key differential between us and the developed country is that. The sooner we move to good civic sense and self disciplines, our 70% of the problems could be solved. We have to create  that civilization. Thank you. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, विश्व में भारत को किस नाम से बुलाया जाय  इंडिया, हिंदुस्तान या भारत, इस पर आधिकारिक रूप से घोषणा होनी चाहिए । 
0 0 Girls from small villages and towns are doing very well in reality shows of music, dance etc. telecast by different national tv channels. Can government developed school, road, water supply and electric supply of their villages and town to encourage girls as part of government program of Save Girl child 
0 0 Respected Sir, we appreciate the steps taken by you under Swach Bharat Abhiyan.Now is required to add one more important step to bound every citizen of Indian to clean his sorrounding area once in a month under your Swach Bharat Abhiyan. Govt. can declare last saturday of every month as a Sanitation Day. On this day from 7AM to 9AM should be declared as no public movement on the roads except Police, army, media, court, VIP etc. Also office timing should be declared from 11AM onward on that day. 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I am Naveen Gehi, I am Blind, but I am Primary Govt. Teacher in Raipur, I have written this lines in 2007, I hope you will like it I have attached as Image. Thanks & Regards 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी पाक अधिकृत‌ कश्मीर को जलते हुए देखा जा रहा है । अब समय आ गया है कि कश्मीर के मुद्दे पर पाक अधिकृत‌ कश्मीर को भारत मे वापस लाने के लिए यू एन मे माँग रखी जाय‌। आप से अनुरोध है की उनकी दयनीय दशा को देखते हुए आप उनके भविष्य के बारे में भी सोचे। इससे कश्मीर मे शान्ति बहाली के प्रयासो मे तेजी आएगी। 
0 0 Good evening sir, education is the most important tool for development of a country. please motivate to people of country to give education to their children. And education should be job oriented and increase the skill of the people of our country. Please motivate private people to come forward for providing fund to government schools, so that infrastructure of govt.schools can be improve and children may get better education in rural and urban areas. 
0 0 नारी शक्ति को प्रणाम आज से दो दिन बाद ही रक्षाबंधन का त्यौहार है मैं देश के प्रत्येक नागरिक से यह प्रण दिलवाना चाहता हूं कि वे नारी का सम्मान करे 
1 0 Respected PM Sir, Modi Ji, About Army, Navy and Air Force of India, the latest updates of security innovations or live activities must not be available to public (in news or on social media). There should be strict limitations on what all information which must be shared to Indian public and world. I have seen in some news channel, on 13-Aug-2016 that activities in Siachen was shown live on news which I feel is incorrect. Please talk about such things and look into this. 
0 0 प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी हम सब लोग आपके भाषण का बेसब्ब्री से प्रतीक्षा कर रहे है। 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Please find here attached my important suggestions,,,,, Please review carefully,,,,, I hope I will receive positive reply from you,,,,, Vikas Patil. 8956947005 
0 0 Respected PM sir namasthe, my suggestions for independence day speech is 1.compulsory national service in uniformed servicesfor all citizens above 18 should be made a statutory requirement like in singapore, which will foster nationalism in them 2.History of india should be compulsorily shown in the form of movies to the children regularly in addition to the history books in all schools to increase patriotism, stress on places like jallianwalla bagh, cellular jail, natinal war memorial etc. 
0 0 GOVERNMENT SHOULD  TAKE MEASURES TO CONTROL POPULATION, POLLUTION, ALCOHOL. AWARENESS ON ROAD ACCIDENTS,SUCIDES SHOULD BE DONE.GOVERNMENT SHOULD SEE THAT ALL TRANSACTIONS (EXAMPLE) ABOVE 2000 SHOULD BE MADE THROUGH BANK BY FIXING CERTAIN TAX AND TAX SHOULD BE DIVIDED BETWEEN STATE AND CENTAL GOVERNMENT AND BANK.HIGHER DENOMINATIONS LIKE RS1000 AND RS 500 SHOULD BE REMOVED INORDER TO REMOVE CORRUPTION, FAKE NOTES.TO REMOVE POVERTY IN INDIA DIRECTLY PUT SOME MONEY IN THE BANK ACCOUNT FOR POOR. 
0 0 Youth Power House of India. 
0 0 Dear sir,we will celebrate our 70th  indepence day but the womens of our country are not independent.they are subdued.they depend on their father or spouce but independence means freedom for all.so please you motivate all the womens of our country to be financially independent and physically too.this step is essential for our country's economic growth. 
1 0 Dear Sir, Please encourage sports other than cricket.. India has the talent but due to dirty politics..other sport's are not highlighted. We are not getting any medals , this doesn't mean that our sports persons are not talented, it's because of poor infrastructure and no support from government. I am sure you can now do this sir. Please please speak about supporting our sports personnel who are putting their best foot forward . 
1 0 1. Why is  not a mass rapid transport system in Gurugram? Especially have mass rapid transport eg train along highways in urban areas including NCR. 2. Water logging & traffic jams are due to vanishing water bodies. 3. Urban planning not being publicly debated. 3. People use drains as garbage dump place. Make it punishable by law like smoking, plastic bag ban. Encourage CSR and NGOs and govt schemes for garbage collection 4. Have hard shoulder like UK highways where left track is emerg'y. 
0 0 Sir address the issue of Black Money and corrupt businessmen like Vijay Malya. Instead of chasing them abroad, Govt. must attach all their wealth to Govt treasure and recover the funds of the country. We can save lot of money which is wasted on the prosecution of such financial criminals. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Inform the world especially the Muslims living in different countries that India is the only country that is going to be a safe place for their living, as India has been recognized as a peace loving country where in the people of India, belonging to all the religions, have learnt to live, in this 'Karma Bhoomi'for thousand of years, by respecting each other, though practicing and following different faiths. INDIA - WHERE HARMONIOUS LIVING HAS BEEN PRACTICED NATURALLY. 
0 0 I feel proud to be an Indian.At the same time I feel ashamed to live in TAMILNADU because of the recent incident that took place in the Rajyasabha by sasikalapushpa..It is shame on the part of cm to keep mum. Corruption has routed in all sphere of public life. Quality of education is at the rock bottom.percentage of unemployment is the sole evident in this regard. I SHOULD GREET OUR HONOURABLE PM ON ONE PARTICULAR ASPECT CLEAN INDIA.DON'T STOP WITH DELHI.COME AND CISIT OUR TAMILNADU.IT ISAWF 
0 0 Respected sir,unemployment is the biggest problem. This prblem should be solved by giving them skilled education. This should be start from villages because relating to population of India there are less opportunities of jobs. Without jobs youth energy wasted in doing useless activities.Please kindly think about skilled education. 
0 0 Dear Sir, You are working exceptionally well and tirelessly for our future &oir country's future.I really thank you for this on behalf of my fellow countrymen.One suggestion i would like to give is.This is with regard to swatch bharat, your pet project.Please impose fines on people throwing garbage, spitting on roads making villages and city dirty in any manner and abolish swatch bharat cess.Since because of the cess those keeping the nation clean are also wrongly penalised.please consider. 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Our Govt has been announcing so many schemes and programmes for the welfare of the people. Their implementation has been very poor.The fund are widely misused or diverted or unaccounted for.The executive has no accountability.They are to be implemented by the Executive machanism of  Govts.I prefer to point out the major hurdles in their implementation.1. The Executive has virtually no accountability. The system of implementation is not transparent.Kindly address this point 
0 0 Respected Sir, It has come to my knowledge that a large number of Government Houses meant for Central Government Employees in different parts of the Country are being sub-letted through the Employee/staff of Estate Manager.  Not only the lower staff of the Ministry of Urban Development but higher officer are also involved in this racket of subletting the Government Accommodation.  They Charge huge commission whole nexus is there.Staff never transferred all should transferred to other stations. 
2 0 Please do something about these goons in Khaki.If Army Officer can be beaten up for not paying bribe you can imagine the state of impoverished in UP. 
0 0 Dear P.M.Modiji I suggest you to discuss the very popular Scheme of Government of Maharashtra "Jalyukt Shivar" which is used to overcome the drought issues which is successfully implemented by hon. C.M. Devnendra ji Fadnavis. 
0 0 The internal security system plays An important role in public security system. The training for persons selected for the public security  must be similar as for the army soldiers. There is a need of  physical and mental  fitness and  alertness  in respect of public  security system.On job training and regular fitness tests are really important to provide the best service to the citizens. 
0 0 प्राइम मिनिस्टर जी। कश्मीर को जन्नत कहा जाता है,पर हमने जानत को जलते हुए नहीं देखा। हम कहा जा रहे है कश्मीर के मुद्दे पे ये कोई नहीं जानता। में कश्मीर घूमने गया तो ऐसे लगा जैसे सच में किसी ने कहा था की अगर धरती पे स्वर्ग कही है तो वो कश्मीर है । सच में वहा की हबो हवा में जनात सी फील थी पर वहा के लोगो के दिलो में नफरत सरकार और मिलिटरी के लोगो से। वो लोग पाकिस्तान और भारत की राजनीती में कही दबते जा रहे है। आप से अनुरोध है की आप उनके भविष्य के बारे में भी सोचे । 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी, मैं चाहता हूँ कि आप हमारे जाति-धर्म के नाम में बटे और बिखरे समाज को ये संदेश जरूर दें की,"हम पहले भी पूण रूप से स्वतन्त्र नहीँ हुए थे और अब भी नही हुए हैं और तब तक नहीँ होंगे जब तक हम जाति और धर्म के नाम पे एक-दूसरे से भेद-भाव और गन्दी राजनीति करना बन्द नहीँ करेंगे, क्योंकि ये दर्शाता है की हम पढ़-लिख के भी अब भी कितनी पिछड़ी सोच रखते है,जब तक हम अपनी इस 69साल पुरानी सोच से बाहर नही निकलेंगे जो भेद-भाव का बीज अंग्रेज़ो ने बोया था तब तक हम पूण रूप से स्वतन्त्र नहीँ होंगे। 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, We are so happy to see that how you are taking our nation pride to another height. At the same time, we understand that the govt. must be facing many challenges while execution. Pls share 1)How do we know what are those exact problem during execution & how can we contribute to nation in resolving those challenges. 2) Pls tell to the nation in simple words the top 5 (MUST) Citizen's responsibility.Can we write top 5 resp on the back of every govt.I-card. Best regards. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir. A great initiative. its important that the citizens are heard and have a say in the governance. I  would want you to talk about struggle for independence and what our elders wanted us to be. Sacrifice of elders and contribution from one and all. Lets talk about them. You should assure security and safety to every citizen of the country . Give defence/PMF its due. they die for us without second thought.Help remove growing mistrust in society. Collectively we shall shine.Best wishes. 
0 0 Respected sir We should think about SSP. this is self surveillance program. This can be monitored by Pmo so that anyone can send images and voice to you directly. This tool can become a big game changer to change the mentality of persons those are responsible for a dent to the nation image. Pls ask something on this in the event. 
0 0 Respected prime minister, on the occasion of our independence day I would like to share this with you if you can ask all our country citizens to use bicycle once in a week to their respected offices,schools, workplace. Lot of resources like petrol,diesel will be saved and it will help in decreasing sound pollution,air pollution.As a part of Swach Bharat Abhiyan if you take this initiative it will be great. -Parag Sanjeev Ghalsasi,Pune #IndependenceDay2016, #MyGov 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, मेरे विचार से इंडिपेंडेन्स डे पर भाषण में निम्न बातें शामिल होनी चाहिये:- १. न्याय तंत्र में सुधार विचार। २. शिक्षा को रोज़गारोन्मुख कैसे बनाया जाए। शिक्षा की गुणवता में सुधार कैसे किया जाये। ३. महिलाओं एवं बालिकाओं के शोषण व अत्याचार पर कैसे रोक लगाई जाए । ४. कश्मीर मसले का समाधान? ५. सरकारी नौकरियों में जातिगत आरक्षण हटाकर आर्थिक आधार पर आरक्षण देने पर विचार। ६.गौ रक्षा के नाम पर नागरिकों पर हो रहे अत्याचार पर विचार। जय हिंद। 
0 0 Sir In Independence Speech •Just Boost Up the Confidence Of The Indian Players Who Are Participating In Rio. •Tell More About GST & What are Its Advantages •New Technologies & Techniques That India Adopting #MyGov #IndependenceDay2016 
0 0 Can India Win Medals in Olympics? Importance on Sports and games is required for the nation with 35% youth should feel proud of... Need to focus on High Schools for strong and powerful youth to win Golds in Olympics. It is the mission of state and Central governments to strengthen the High school students. Regards Siva Lankipalle 
0 0 Dear P.M. Modiji ,In your Speech You Should Discuss the issues regarding Farmers of Marathwada Region of Maharashtra and also discuss the drought issues in Marathwada. also as per Swaminathan commission Report Give the 50% benifit on M.S.P.(Maximum Selling Price).I appreciate your Work regarding to farmers as the Government's new Insurance scheme that is 'Pradhanmantri Fasal Bima Yojana'. 
0 0 Dear Mr PM, Firstly i would like to congratulate for the various good initiatives you have started to make India better place for every citizen of India. Sir i would appreciate if you can start two more initiatives : 1) To bring up the standard of govt school so that we could stop too much of commercialisation of education. 2) To promote the generic medicines. 
1 0 Respected PM Sir Recently,we witnessed few cases where passengers tweeted to Hon'ble Railway Minister seeking help against teasing & harassment and timely helped was provided to the victims which is very much appreciated. keeping in view such increasing eve-teasing, harassment & robbery activities, I suggest to provide contact nos. of security staff in PNR/tickets itself. Alternatively, alarms/chains like pulling chains can be installed in trains so that passenger can directly contact to staff. 
0 0 Respected sir, Sir apne industry ke liye bahut acha kiya ab usme kam karne vale workers ke liye minimum salary working hours jaise point ke upar kuch kijiye sath hi Education or middle class k jiske pas income tax returns jaise income proof nahi hota hai usko bhi hoam loan mile aisa kuch kijiye 
0 0 Respected Prime minister Sir ,I suggest all indians living in india or abroad should wear any colour of our national flag on national festivals , by this feeling of oneness and patiotism will come in common man,new generation donot know importance of independance day and republic day,like this we can enegize them and draw their attention to the country,these 2 days should be celebrated wid great enthusiasm to bring revolution in every field in the country 
0 0 Respected Sir. A few days ago what is happen in the Kashmir,and the news in Maharashtra about the anti national things and the rest of nation that the some peoples wanted the unstability and the disturbe society with loss of harmony So it is the need of hour to ignite the thought of UNITY IN DIVERSITY to protect the nation from this ANTI NATIONAL Activity. THANKS 
0 0 Sir, I would recommend Ten Commandments for 70th Independence Day speech. After great efforts and breakthrough achievement on diplomacy, infrastructure, environment, agriculture, rural development, urban development, social inclusion, governance etc., we should now focus on defence, internal security, boarder management, and economic performance.Enhance GDP growth by double digit by 2019 by increasing Agriculture to 20%, industry to 50% and services to 30% by initiatives such as Make in India. 
0 0 सर जी, मुझे नहीं पता की आरक्षण का असली फायेदा किसको है पर नुकसान पुरे समाज को होता है ये सब को पता है। बस में इतना चाहता हु की आप एजुकेशन सिस्टम को मजबूत करे ताकी हर कोई इतना मजबूत हो सके की वो किसी चीज पैर निर्भर न रहे। सरकारी और प्राइवेट स्कूल के डिफरेंस को खत्म करे। आप से अनुरोध है की आप इस चीज पे जरूर गोर करे। 
0 0 Dear PM Modiji, could you please speak on how your government is planning to deal with the issue of recurring annual floods for the affected areas? One suggestion I have for this is to maintain open green areas on outskirts of the cities. Limit the areas of the cities all across India and do not permit any real estate constructions of offices or residences or any other commercial estates outside the city limits. Those open areas can be covered by planting trees and grasslands. 
0 0 Population control is the most important subject which no one wants to touch. Will the PM speak about it? Dr G L Moondra 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी 15 अगस्त पर आप अब तक हुए कामों के परिणाम बता सकते हैं। साथ ही आने वाले 3 सालों का प्लान बता सकते हैं। इसके केंद्र में किसान, युवा और बेरोजगार एवं महिलाएं होनी चाहिए। तेज ट्रेन कब चलेंगी। कालाधन कब आएगा। महिलाएं सुरक्षित कब होंगी। किसानों को फसल का पर्याप्त मूल्य कब मिलेगा। जाति आरक्षण कब खत्म हाेकर आर्थिक आधार पर कब शुरू होगा। अतुल दुबे, मध्यप्रदेश 
0 0 Pl guide youth to occupy themselves in productive community service programs. Pl tell how our great nation would be after your tenure of 5 years. Which line youth should take so that when they search for jobs , industry should definitely be there for all. So reflect which industrial revolution India is going to have? How can youth contribute towards making India  a developed nation. Regards, Sonia luthra 
1 0 आदरणीय महोदय, देश के विकाश में जन भागीदारी का बहुत बड़ा शहयोग होता है।हमारे देश के लोगो को सिविलाइज़ करने का बीड़ा हमारी सरकारों को उठाना चाहिए।सरकार को पंचायतों के माध्यम से लोगो को शिक्षित करने और समाज के लोगो को समाज के प्रति जिम्मेदार(Sense of Humer)होने का एक व्यापक अभियान चलाना चाहिए ।आज इस देश में ये नारा बुलंद करने की बहुत जरुरत है।"हम सुधरेंगे तो सब सुधरेगा और सब सुधरेगा तो देश सुधरेगा"(If we civilized our society will be civilised and if our society will be civilized our country will be.. 
0 0 Three areas (1)Health (2)Education (3)Infrastructure You need to talk about UNIVERSAL HEALTH INSURANCE YOJNA and related roadmap for it 
0 0 Respected Sir, I reside in North Bengal where there are almost 200 tea gardens.Some gardens are from British Era.I found a Membership Register of 1945-46 of the then Congress Party.The members of the then Congress were all the Freedom Fighters no doubt.Interestingly I found FREEDOM FIGHTERS were from almost all the Tea Gardens.It would be very nice if you kindly mention the roles of Tea Garden Labors of Dooars in Freedom Fight.They were all the Tribals. 
0 0 Dear Sir In India the most negeected subject is social security for so many years. It is great that present Government launched PMBSY PMJJY but the enrollment is only 9 crores out of which majority or from organised sector.  There are 40 crore workforce in Unorganised Sector and steps may be taken to bring them in to social security fold.  With suggestions I made they will be brought into social security net, secondly identification of workforce will be registered to give other benefits 
0 0 Dear Sir, Please find the attachment - I have a suggestion! #IndependenceDay2016, #MyGov Thank you. 
0 0 I think it will be interesting to talk about the concept of "Vasudaiva Kudubakam".., in this age of international cooperation and peace..This beautiful indian concept can bring back the attitude of peace India used to maintain since ages..and the indian outlook to the world. 
0 0 Sir, Govt should not just give emphasis on completion of work/projects,they should give equal emphasis on quality of work done..an example would be quality of roads which constructed. Govt should give subsidy to public transportation and make efforts to strngthen it,it would automatically reduce problem of traffic jams,pollution and we shall save fuel. Govt should provide dustbins and well maintained public toilets both for men/women alongside the roads/highway's,as part of swach Bharat. 
0 0 Some more suggestions: 5) Stop asking to fill up forms for personal details, instead just get the biometrics of the person availing the service and retrieve all the information from the AADHAR database. 6) Tell the British time courts in India to start working in highly efficient way and deliver justice in Time. NOTE: Justice Delayed is Justice Denied. 7) Please ask the state governments to give generous salaries & good houses to the state policemen & their families. 
0 0 Respected sir I would bring forth the concern for those underprivileged children who have great talent but poverty brings them towards illegal acts. They can be priceless sportspersons policemen artists singers or craftsmen. Can under PPP or CSR nation come forward? 
0 0 Bharath maatha ki jai. River holy ganges is getting cleaned followed by connecting all rivers through out india. Possibly the central govt.  can bring the ganges river to the boundries of each state. Each state govt.  can take necessary steps with their water resources. So it leads to fertile india. The next one is MAKE OUR INDIA PLASTIC FREE ENVIRONMENT. Now a days plastic occupies most of our life, so carry covers should not be used. Hence carry covers with handles should be banned. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sri Narendra Modiji sir, As per my unbiased perceptions ,you are highly committed(with courage of conviction),knowledgeable (historically with tech savvy and humane touch) and visionary prime minister with global popularity and affection. In response to your noble intent of seeking suggestions from public for independence speech. I earnestly request your highness to highl 
0 0 Dear PM, I think it's time that we exp[and the horizons of Independence beyond the 1947. True all our I-day leaders deserve extreme respect & love for their sacrifice. But in this new order of the world with terrorism haunting us, the Independence movement is sustained even till date, especially from our ignoble neighbours who refuse reciprocate our friendship. Our soldiers have shown equal valance in protecting our borders and keeping us safe. So let's sing their glory too from now-on on I-day. 
0 0 dear pm modi, lots of organization like banks charges high amount as competitive exam fee and many candidates belongs to general category but financially weak can't afford this. so  I urge you to form a panel to make a report on how much should be the exam fee for competitive exam by various organization. thanking you for consideration. 
0 0 Sir,i am simply ask u ?for the nation The Olympic players are most important or the farmers which are everday do a hard work to provide a food to nation....i have seen few farmers there children are sleep everday without food ..who give us food ..that man children didn't get sufficient food ..these is the most critical and dangerous thing fo nation ..so please ..speak about our food producer..FARMERS so because of these there confidence should be increase & they get feeling of someone is there 
0 0 5. Separate TV channel for Army activities, all three categories where public has to see and experience Whatever the pain undergone by the military or police men to safe guard the country is not understood by the general public. Currently media or television plays a major role in public attention. Either there should be a separate channel to be created which shows the army men's activities (without compromising security) or it should be part of interesting short documentary aired in other chann 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्रीजी, देश को आजाद हुए 70साल हो रहें हैं। लेकिन आजतक अंग्रेज़ी भाषा से हमें आजादी नहीं मिली । जब से देश आजाद हुआ था । उसी दिन से अंग्रेजी से मुक्त भारत देश होना होना था । मगर आज भी माल भारत में बनता हैं। मगर बाक्स पर नाम व जानकारी अंग्रेज़ी में हैं ,जिससे हमें मजबूरी में अंग्रेज़ी सीखनी पड़ रही हैं। हमारे बुजुर्गो को भी इसीलिए अंग्रेजी सीखनी पड़ी होगी। इसके साथ ही मैं बैंगलुरू से धर्मावरम वाया हिन्दूपुर रेलवे लाइन के दौहरीकरण  के लिए धन्यवाद देता हूँ। जय जवान जय किसान 
0 0 Why do Armymen feel like third class citizen in this Nation they die to defend. Bureaucracy has relegated them to non entity in protocol list, pay, allowances and completely removed from decision making. Police men routinely disregard them and abuse them in their homes. Recently a Captain was arrested for carrying his authorised entitlement of liquor home and beaten up mercilessly in custody. The morale of Army personnel is the lowest today especially after 7th CPC. Please act soon. 
1 0 Government should do something to resolve should Kashmir issue. Those people need to understood, they are our fellow Indians. Steps should be taken to end violence and insurgency in J&K. It's high time we put an end to the reservation system in jobs and educational institutions.Everybody has been given equal brain by God so competition should also be equal. We can always help the weaker section economically The LGBT people should also be given freedom to gchoose their life Partners. 
0 0 Respected Sir, have 3 suggestions 1) To make all corporate companies with 500 crore turnover adopt a village and develop the infrastructure and publish with quarterly results 2) To request all citizens to take resolution on independence day rather new year eve. This is important to understand we r individually responsible for country's growth 3) To refund a percentage of donation made along with refund to all recognized social causes of the government. This will motivate 
1 0 Subject: Matter for PM address Dear sir/Hon'ble prime minister As a hopeful optimistic citizen i would like the following subjects be thrown light on during your Independence Day speech. The days of inhuman behaviour and lawlessness evinced due to lack of social accountability and fear for judiciary what are the counter proposals for a combat that you would evolve for the young Indians so that we have them more human and responsible so that India could be considered a more a safer . 
0 0 Sir, Suggestions for PM's speech for Independence Day 2016:- "We belong to One Nation, One family" call to each and every citizen of this country. Let every citizen of this country memorise the popular saying "life is short, make it sweet" so that every one of us take oath that we must do good only to this country during our short spell of life on this planet and see that crime rates have a decreasing tendency in this country. 
0 0 Sir, Touch the following subjects 1. Share the benefits of Aadhar Card. 2. necessity of water conservation for agriculture 3. Stern warning to anti national element within the country 4. Importance of learning good habits (like cleanliness, road safety, truthfulness, understand & learn etc ) in primary education to change the society 5. importance of hard work (no easy money) 6. Not to carry over by negative attitude 7. Develop start up companies in rural area 
0 0 4. Cleanliness of individual self discipline through corporate engagement (for their employees) Now the self discipline is very poor particularly in educated crowd. Every college, school or corporate has to create a system where their employees has to pledge themselves on following basic cleanliness for betterment of overall society. 
0 0 Respected PM sir, In your independence speech on 15th August, give a call to the young generation of our country to voluntarily donate blood at least once in a year. 
0 0 Sir. hamare desh ka future ujjawal Ho uske liye hamare education system me vyapak badlaav kiye Jane chhahiye. Uske liye teachers ko apni duty samajhani hogi, agar children well educated or sanskarit honge to wo Corruption ya other problems ko easily Fight kar sakte he. 
0 0 सर जे लोक स्वच्छतेचं काम करतात महानगरपालिका किंवा नगरपरिषद मध्ये त्यांना ते घाण कचरा काढताना ते साध्या कापड्यावरच ते काम करतात त्यांना चांगले बूट व त्यांचा रोगराई पासून स्वरक्षण व्हावे म्हणून त्यांना राज्यशासना मार्फत मास्क व हॅन्डग्लोवस आणि अन्य साहित्य देण्यात यावे अशी विनंती आहे 
0 0 sir India ek krushi pradhan desh hai.India ka base agriculture pe depend hai . sir plz ap agriculture ko progress kr ne ke liye ap kuch kijiye plz sir garib kisano kI help kijiye plz sir 
0 0 1. Village empowering through corporate attachment Corporate with 10 Cr and above revenue has to adopt a village for every one crore shown as profit and have to spend 10% towards the empowerment of village. There can be online platform can be created between this village and corporate employees where employees can purchase village product like rice, grains, oil, fruits, vegetables or any a day/week out stay with this village to experience can be created. A bond or bridge has to be created. 
1 0 While studying in banaras hindu university and obtaining a Phd in botany, working in environmental pollution  impact assessment of river gange's sewage pollution, I had this question in mind always... we have American Standard  and Indian standard  for pollution control.... why we dont have world standard in assessing, checking  and preventing Air , Soil and water pollution.Kindly mention this sir.For cleaner environments for earths inhabitants..respect and regards. 
0 0 हमारे प्यारे प्रधानमंत्री जी आप की सोच और हमारे मन तक पहुचने वाली आप की उस शेली को सलाम हम गुलामी से आजाद तो बहुत पहले हो गये थे लेकिन अपने आप और समाज में फेली कुरीतियों को मिटाने में काफी समय लग गया मैंने बचपन से सुना था उन के घर नी जाना उन का पानी नी पीना आदि लेकिन समय के साथ बहुत कुछ बदल गया बस अब एक बात और रह गयी जातिगत आरक्षण जो की कटु सत्य है हम इस देश के युवा जो की आप भी मानते हो बस इस को समाप्त कर आरक्षण आर्थिक रूप से पिछड़े परिवार को मिले ना की कोई जाति विशेष को भारत माता की जय 
0 0 Sir Plz say something about the poor people of our nation those who are unable to get good treatment when they are sick.plz bring a law to secure the health of those people. Give a health insurance to all poor citizens of our country. As due to disease people are becoming more poor day by day. And the people of BPL categories are dying without any treatment. Also sir say something about food adulterers. Bring a strong law for mixing of food. Give them death sentence. Jai Hind. 
0 0 My suggestions for Prime Minister's speech: 1) Tell the whole nation from Red Fort that POK is India's Integral Part. 2) Provide status of village electrification program. 3) Please tell the people to rise above the Caste & Religion system & also the government should initiate steps & stop asking the caste of every citizen on various types of forms. 4) One Nation One Education Board. It is time to merge the State Education Boards into One National Education Board. 
1 0 Vanakkam Ji, We expect the changes in our education system. Like One India-One Tax, One Law please try to implement One India-One education (Except Language subject) Let the Govt School Students also get chances in professional courses in best institutions. Give 30-50% seats to the Govt school students. Try to Stop making education as business. Thank you 
0 0 Hello Sir, Sir, please say something to boost the morale of our athletes in Rio. They are playing well and whole country is with them. We are proud of them. Medals are not above sportsman spirit. Encourage them to do their best. Heartiest wishes of Independence Day. 
0 0 Cleaning staff are doing duty,but no cooperation from us,As I am TTE saw that the thought of a common man is, cleaning is duty of salaried cleaning staff & there they are to littering the area. Some say's us hum yaha kachara dalenge, tum safaiwala bulao aur saf karwao,My estimate is very few are cooperate to keep the railway premises clean.For this mobile court should function to penalized them."CLEANING IS OUR DUTY,IS LITTERING YOUR RIGHT? SHOULD BE PRINTED IN THE UNIFORM OF CLEANING STAFF. 
0 0 सर, आज जातिगत आरक्षण हटाना होगा क्योकी आज जिसको आरक्षणकी जरुरत है उसको नही मिलती है.आज जो लोग इनकम टेक्स भरनेवालेका बच्चा आरक्षण कानूनका गलत फायदा उठाके अेडमीशनके शाथशाथ फ्री फेसीलीटीस् भी लेते जो वो हकदार नही है, इसका हकदार रीयल गरीब है. जैसे इनकम टेक्स भरनेवालेको गेस सबसीडी नही मिलती वैसे इनकम टेक्स भरनेवालेकाे आरक्षण का फायदा छोडना होगा, और जरुरत वालेको आरक्षण मिले वैसा कानून बनाना होगा. 
0 1 1. Village empowering through corporate attachment 2. Online village product support/booking, i.e. selling from their village for e-booked items 3. Monthly compensation for registered farmers whenever monsoon is not in faovr 4. Cleanliness of individual self discipline through corporate engagement (for their employees) 5. Separate TV channel for Army activities, all three categories where public has to see and experience 
0 0 To our Hon'ble Prime Minister, The then pre-independence the British started using the word like SIR in all our correspondence and then it was continued as on this day. the Meaning of using "SIR"in our day to day correspondence is like this: SLAVE I REMAIN (SIR). those days are all gone. now, we are celebrating our 70th year Independence  day. Therefore, I request our Govt. to  use alternative use of Sir in our correspondence.  Shall we use the words like Mr. or Miss. or any other suitable words 
0 0 See that comman man gets benefit from all types of medicines and also from tax 
0 0 our future india is a friend for all the globals.all the people love my country in every drop time.& maintained peace of our country in every drop time.all the people hardwork for our country 
0 0 Namste sir,aj hum independent day mana rahe lekin sahi arth me nahi kyu angrej chale Gaye par aj bhi bharatiy log English ke divane hai aj bhi vaha par baith baithe hamare logo ke dimag par Raj kar rahe hai ,itne salo k bad bhi hum unko Hindi,Sanskrit nahi sikhaya PAYE .sir ham BHARATMATA ko jagdguru ka sthan PE Lana hai to English is necessary but not compulsory. Ap aisi koi ghosana kare jisase hamari bharatiy Sanskruti logo ki nas nas me daudane lage prachin rushiparmpara fir SE mahek uthe 
0 0 Time has come to taste the magic of Independence. Give me your hand, I will hand over a nation just you dream off in your mind. From today let us promise to serve the nation & sacrifice for the fellow citizens, remain positive in our thought, deed & wash out all negativity from our mind, dedicate this life for building a heaven in earth. Let us join our hands in all the moments and remain focused till we archive the goal of a developed mother land in this life span.Be a part of revolution. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Parnam. My suggestion is for further enhance the Beti Bachao Programme as per the pdf file attached. Regards Jai Parkash Juneja 
1 0 farmers not have any value in andhra ,,job people having best / good values in andhra all farmers peoples try to improve there children's to Become as a Engineers,lawyers, doctors ,Scientists........... etc.......But there do not  accept to improve there children's become as a farmers...... this is the value of farmers in india (andhra pradesh) for eg:-- =>software job holders having fixed salary Rs 5000/pm to 1L/pm above ^ =>farmers sales depending on Weather / kamatu.... 
1 0 #IndependenceDay2016-Government start SMS based donation only one sms write and donation amount write and send number given by government.Doner's mobile balance deduct and credit add in Doner's selected department. e.g-Doner decided donate 5 rs to ISRO or Army than doner write only one sms.                   Format of SMS: ISRO 5 (Department Name) (Amount) send it to 55555 than 5 rs duduct from doner's balance and credit it to central department of government.Full concept attached pdf file. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Namaste. i would like to thank to you and your Team for creating such a wonderful platform for the direct interaction with a Nation's PM. Sir, My Suggestion is "Please keep .5 % secure from every budget for the availability of stretcher and wheel chairs in Govt Hospital" as currently the condition is very critical. i saw 2-3 incidents where these were not available and patient and his relatives were suffering from it. this is also equivalent as timely medicine. thanks. 
0 0 Dear PM pls declare relaxation in Income Tex for defence persons other wise increase it so we can say we contribute more in every field. After seeing condition of widows family on TV pls relax them in income tex 
0 0 Dear sir, please appeal to the parents to encourage their children to learn Carnatic or Hindustani music, traditional dances, traditional games etc... 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister. Please initiate your speech which may lead to a beggar free country. Its very sad that our country is still have beggars going around us. I think our country economy is not so poor that generate beggars. Kindly initiate a scheme / organization which take care of them. I am happy to share my thoughts. Thanks and Regards. Bharath Matha Ki Jai... Jai Hind.. 
0 0 8.Currently most of the banks are not taking up the risk of entertaining SME's (more than 90% cases) and deny them loans when they dont have rosy turnover(in that case,they will not opt for loans).MUDRA loan is ill treated by almost all of the bankers--Managers doesnt take the responsibility.SIDBI agencies are mute spectators upon repeated notification. 
1 0 Time we make an effort to Remove Caste column in all Govt Applications! India has been ruined because of caste wars n caste based vote banks! SATHYAMEVA JAYATHE! 
0 0 Happy Independence Day to all my fellow Indians. Thank you for this opportunity for asking our interest on speech. 
1 0 The farmers on the eve of Independence Day be provided free health policy limiting the extent of land upto 10 acres. Bank loans on low interest be provided. Their children be provided with free education upto degree irrespective their caste. The subsidies provided to farmers r directly be credited their account. Horticulture be encouraged in vacant real estebplots. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I wish to submit that the main problem in this country is that although there are enough rules, many a times, they do not bother to implement/enforce the rules, thereby not performing their duty they normally need to do. Hence, the performance of officials should be measured by how many complaints are received related to issues which they were otherwise required to attend to as per their normal job requirement. Thanks 
0 0 Sir please make a strong law against cruelty to animals. 
1 0 4.Recruiting more judges across the country to clear the outstanding piles of cases 5.Timebound case verdicts for all types of cases 6.Policing system needs a major ovehaul with more accountability and transparent reporting ,active citizen access and escalation mechanism and tightly integrated with our legal framework for speedy disposal of cases. 7.Ministry of FInnance,RBI to act digiliently that all  banks,MFI's to patronage SME's, encourage them  to scale up their operations by aiding them 
1 0 hon'ble Prime minister जी, आपसे निवेदन है कि किसानो कि फसलों कि कीमत दूसरे आदमी तय करते है जबकि हर department अपनी वस्तु कि कीमत अपने लाभ के अनुसार खुद तय करता है । यह अधिकार किसान भाइयो को आप ही दिलवा सकते है । कभी टमाटर किसानो को सड़क पर फेंकने पड़ते है और उनको लागत भी नहीं मिल पाती है । किसानो को उनकी लागत तभी मिल पाएगी जब कठोर कानून बनाओगे और stock करने वालों पर सख्त कार्यवाही हो  । मै आशा करता हु कि मेरी राय पर ध्यान दोगे । जय हिन्द जय भारत 
0 0 Now, traffic police have increased fines almost 10-25 times.  It is in this connection, that funds collected should go to make our roads much more safer and all medical expenses of road accidents victims, should be undertaken by the state/ central government.  Please announce this 
0 0 Dear prime minister Greetings of day,i don't know English much so I want to express my feelings in Hindi, mai chahta hu ki kyu Na ham apne desh ke sansado ke sath aisi vyvstha kare ki har sal koi bhi 1 yuva unke sath rah kar internship kare aur us neta ka karykushalta Sikhe,isse wo jagruk bhi hoga, aur hmre sansado ke kary dekhne me sksham aur aise krk ham 543 yuva taiyar kar skte hai jo Hindustan ki sansad karypranali Jan sake.aur isse hmre youth jagruk bhi honge.aur internship bhi Kr skenge 
0 0 We need Food, Clothing, Shelter, Health-Care, & Education. All Indians must feel proud to be an Indian. 
0 0 Thank you for the opportunity to give suggestions for ID Speech of PM. The passage of GST was great. I understand the Stamp duty of Registrations of land is not affected due to GST. Our target of reducing Black money in the economy and people getting fair value for land acquired for Government projects can be solved if Stamp Duty for registrations are rationalised across the Country and participation of people come in right earnest. Best wishes. 
0 0 Most Resptd PM Sir,Well there are many vital issues that our country has been facing need immediate attention & action thereon.1)Women safety & security 2)Kashmir issue has to resolve with strong wit & courage once for all.3)Sports shall be taken seriously & be equated with other important areas like Education etc.There has to be a well defined & comprehensive Sports Policy & be pursued with utmost care & vision.4)Police reforms need vigorous introspection & its implementation with right earnest 
0 0 On eve of Indepence day I Cong the idea of our working Prime minister hon Modifi for his long vision and safety of Indians. Our country needs to encourage our farmers by providing more infrastructure, seeds, manures n irrigation facilities. Their vows r more due to floods n lack of rains. More benefits such as providing more incentivise for their grains outputs. Subsidy be provided for electricity consumption n to keep the farm products. Organic fertilisers be encouraged. 
0 0 After 70 years of independence India is still suffering from corruption decease very badly. It is dangerous than Cancer decease. Most of the IAS / IPS / IRS officers are selecting Government jobs for easy money making business  with official powers vested in them for the safety - security and service of our citizens. They still  demanding for orderly services from their subbordinate officers and employees at their residents. Government should take vigorous actions to stop corruption at top level 
0 0 Dear Sir, Your Government has de-centralised or diluted many powers held firmly by the Union Government since independence. But the concentration of Ministries/ hqrs at New Delhi in this technologically advanced age may not be required. Can the Government not de-congest Delhi by shifting Ministries in other Indian cities. Sir, why Ministry of Shipping can't have hqrs at Mumbai, MoUD at Bhopal (say) and Ministry of Health at Ahmedabad etc. This way the other cities would also develop without cost 
0 0 Dear Sir, Please speak about Discipline, on every level. In our selves, society, in behavior with others. If every one follow Discipline in their daily life most of our country's problems will be finished. 
0 0 Our common citizen does not have proper knowledge for most common tasks like LPG issues, getting ID cards, pension, etc. As of now we have multiple web sites, however, common people finds it difficult to get the information in one area. The bigger question is how we can combine all the common activities that common citizen use (say Central/State wise; department wise; task wise, etc.) and made the information available to the mass through one common app/website. 
0 0 Dear beloved Prime Minister, 1.Expanded executive team with more accountability via appropriate reporting & Progress analysis mechanism across all ministries. 2.Enabling IT  and seamlessly integrating them with a time bound SLA's for all action items. 3.Major overhaul in Legal framework with severe punishment for those deemed unfit for our society and setting a sense of fear amongst those who mocked at our legal system.No partiallty towards Money,Power etc. playing foul in many instances. 
0 0 Modi ji aap se hum ek sujhav dena chahte hai Bujurg ke lie har aadmi ko apni pagar se 5% papa ko aur 5% mammi ko direct transfer krne ki subidha krna chahie taki koi bujurg budhapa me taklif na kare (beta our beti dono ke lia agr beti papa ki property me agr hissa mage to hi lagu ho ) 
0 0 Sir, I have seen waterless urinals in Mc Donald, Leeds, UK and other countries. They are very clean and save one lakh litres water every year.  We need to install it in every cities to save on water.  Even for household use, there is no need to supply treated water for toilets.  All state governments and central can save millions on supplying untreated water for cleaning the houses, toilets etc. 
0 0 Hon’ble Prime Minister, I have seen many people are talking about many problems which is being faced by county, but these problems are not raised in last two years. Like every common citizen of India I feel your government should work on three basic but important area of development. 1. Education 2 Health 3 Food (Price rise). I think we will not success in real democracy until these problems should be addressed properly and timely implementation of various schemes. Jai Hind, Vande Matram 
0 0 Please see the attachment. 
0 0 HOW YOU FIGHT AGAINST DEFICIT BUDGETING 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Jee,  there has been a message on Facebook and Whatsup groups, that Ministry of Defence has opened an account for the welfare of armed forces where citizens can deposit their money.  Please mention it in your speech to give it credibility and make contribution under it 200% tax free.  If someone is depositing Rs 10,000/-, he can get a rebate of Rs 20,000/- from his taxable income.  This scheme should always remain open ended. 
0 0 Sir, swach Bharat is good I feel it's more effective if people understand about it's need, people still spit on road which leads to most of diseases. It's my request not to show any of the sensitive issue on news channel as these news spreads to the people who takes advantage and harm otheres 
0 0 RESPECTED SIR HOW YOU FIGHT AGAINST INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL DEBTS FOR THE GOOD OF INDIAN CITIZEN WHEN YOU CELEBRATING 69 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE CEREMONY SPEECH 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Till now, as per my little knowledge you are the best PM, India has ever had. Since independence, it has been put into practice by every political disposition to name schemes after their ideological figures. We have dozens of objects of national importance named after very few individuals which is disproportionate to their contribution.People like A.P.J Abdul Kalam, Verghese Kurian don't have a single important scheme, monument under their name. You can change that. Ratikanta 
0 0 Happy Independence day in advance... Most of youth weasting time with mobile and INTERNET so aware about it how to use what to use...Give the constitution and ethics knowledge from his college days they know about country and her future.Thank u. 
0 0 श्रीमान जी से मेरा निवेदन है कि जब किसानो कि फसल पक कर आती है तो बाज़ार भाव बहुत कम होते है और जब किसानो को जरूरत होती है तो वो ही चीज़ दुगुने भाव से खरीदना पड़ता है । जब हर businessman अपनी वस्तु कि बिक्रीदर खुद तैयार करता है तो किसान ही क्यूँ है जिसकी फसल बिक्रीदर दूसरा तय करे। मेरा निवेदन है कि किसानो को फसल का पूरा पैसा मिले क्यूँ कि साल मे 2 बार ही उनको तनख्वाह मिलती है फसल बिक्री के तौर पर ।  मै गाँव सुजात नगर, तहसील कोटपुतली,जिला-जयपुर (राजस्थान) 303107  हु यहा कि सड़क बहुत खराब है heavy load 
0 0 I am having two points that should be included in speech- 1) education system (rather than quantity, quality should be there) For Example- with  theoretical education ,there should be equal importance to practical education. 2) laws in India (there should be some specific duration when a new law is going to create that laws should be re-analyse after specific duration is there need of law now or not. for example reservation system should be based on the basis of economic condition. 
0 0 Sir,Your idea itself can be extended to become greatest idea for health care management.You have mentioned in man kid bath about gynaecologist to examine for 1 day of month free anti natal check up.If you can make it compulsory for every govt employee and tax paying citizen to pay their 1day salary of month for their own health insurance.The money from such a scheme can be easily calculated and some free health insurance can be given for poor people.Govt can spend more on preventive medicine. 
0 0 सर जी आपको बहुत सारा धन्यवाद आपने जनता से प्रश्न पूछा क्या आप यह आज बताने की कृपा करेंगे कि जो ग़रीब बाई लोग सभी के घरों मे जाकर झाड़ू पोछा लगाती है उनके बच्चे दोनो वक़्त की दाल- रोटी सब्ज़ी चावल कब से खा सकेगी ?? मेरे घर जो बाई काम करती है वह मेरी माँ से प्रतिदिन बोलती है कि उसके बच्चे कभी बिस्कुट कभी रोटी अचार खाकर सो जाते हैं?? आख़िर महँगाई कब तक कम होगी ? अथर्व द्विवेदी कक्षा 10 सेंट पाल स्कूल इन्दौर मध्य प्रदेश 9826042287 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Please include Beti Bachao and Beti Padavo topic in your Independence day speech, if possible make a scheme like Karnataka Govt. have made like if a female child born to a parents who have BPL Card,then Govt. is giving bond of Rs.1 lakh. In the same line if possible make it Rs.50 k & deposit it into National Bank for 20 years, after 10TH Std for PUC education or higher education they can take loan on this deposit if not after 20 years they can use it for marriage of a girl. 
0 0 Respected modi ji. we people like the iniceative of our govt SWACCH BHARAT ABHYAN. but when ever we traveled one place to athore and when we have to throw our weast and when ever we have to find toilate we rearly find dustbin and toilate.And Delhi is the face of our country but we wont find these basic facility. If govt provide us dustbin and toilate at every 500 m to 1 km distance i assourd u 80% people those who throw there garbage here andd there must use dustbin and use public toilate.thanks 
0 0 Respected Modiji, Appreciate your efforts and your sincere feelings about Deshseva.just beyond any imagination. You start thinking where people stop working. Moreover you start acting on same and also gather people's contribution. You are great leader. Small request, can you please encourage at least BJP MP to give up there subsidies for just one year. You will be flooded with hand crafted letters as best as you send to log subsidies giver. Regards Vjay 
1 0 PMO shares its reportcard.... Why MLAs, Sarpanch and Gram Sevak are not.... Have report Cards from MLAs, Sarpanch or Gram Sevak and publish it online.... report Card should have solved and pending number of grievances or complaint. .. What they want to do for thair area what they need to do so everything.... If unexpected incident occur... For Example: UNA Kand (Gujarat) ..... Sarpanch and Gram Sevak should be resposible for that because they reside among them..... 
0 0 Dear Sir, My suggestion is on Women safety: We come across cases of rape/attempt to rape etc everyday. After appx 70 years of independence, let's ensure that our females are safe wherever they are. I request for giving strict punishment to the accused of rape/attempt to rape, so that it becomes deterrent for others. Like verdict in all rape cases must be given in 180 days of filing FIR. Life sentence to be given to rape accused. For false complain of rape the complainant be life imprisonment 
0 0 Time is ripe to spell out the realistic action to save Kashmir from alienation. For the past one year spent more time in defending itself from onslaught of opposition parties and public out cry on various mistakes and errors committed by ministers, mps and the party workers. Question on rule of law lingers on. Next year is crucial for the Govt. to face 2019 elections. Prime minister should concentrate on domestic issues by spending more time in India than elsewhere 
0 0 Respected Sir, For Good Thoughts Sky has limit but our thoughts are limited like vocabulary and we can break this chains by providing world class education but main thing is how to end corruption in bureaucracy, how to change people's mindset,How to connect education to our culture How to related Democracy(Temple of Indian Politics) and Education(Universal Human Rights). 
0 0 Dear & Respected  Prime Minister 1. Farmer are forced to  sell their heard earned agricultural  produces at lowest price (wholesale rate) and are made to buy all their needs at highest price(retail rate )which is quite reverse to that of Industrialist.There is no justice.Let Government fix up or allow them to fix up reasonable minimum price considering the production cost with some profit to retain them & their generation in villages/ farming. Eg. 
0 0 sir plz talk about all India's contract base employees,sir samvida karmi bhi parmanent ki tarah kaam karte hai but govt. samvida karmi ka shoshan karti hai,, plz kuch inke bare me bhi socho,,jaise rajasthan ke vidhyarthi mitra sarkar se dhokha khaye hue hai... 
0 0 आपका प‌त्र पाकर अत्यन्त खुश हुआ. मैनॆ उत्तर् भॆजा है. 
0 0 Dear Shri Modiji, I am submitting my thoughts for your consideration. Thank you for providing the opportunity. -- Kind Regards, Samit Shrivastava 
0 0 Sir,we are diverting our precious forests for development projects,nearly 1000 ha.per month.The remaining forest is encroached or degraded.Let's make an audit of our forest to get actual percentage of forest which may be 15%.Declare all forests as wildlife sanctuaries to protect them. 
0 0 My suggestions 1.	Ask People to grow greenery of any sort Tulasi etc on the walls / compound walls ( V or U shape on the top of the wall to hold Mud for plantation) to address impact of deforestation at least to some extent. We can call it “WOW”. Wealth on walls as green leaf is nothing but a source of Oxygen and Health/ Wealth to people. The estimated  5000 square KM + area on the walls which is unutilized will help improve national environment., especially in Cities and Apartments 
0 0 Respected sir,Like swach india campaign, U put the ideas into dustbin.I don't like it.I shared the idea that only 3 books(from 2nd -10th class)once in a lifetime would be enough.No need to buy books every year.with difference between Indian & foreign english , Phonetic symbols ,correct pronunciation ,Foreign accent & many other great things in the books .I don't understand what's wrong with the idea.I've lost interest in ur speech.I won't be listening to ur speech this year.Thank U 
0 0 Sir, Humbly request you to address on following issues. 1.Clear warning to Pakistan to dismental whole network of terrorism in pok. And announce that POK is is integral part of India and we we declare its final merger in India.Whole issue of J&K is non negotiable. 2.please announce the bound action plan for elimination of Corruption. 3.Priority to Education And Health two most vital indicators of National development be apart of your Independence Day Speech. Regards and Jai Bharat.Bad 
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir, Nowadays Old age home are increasing day by day, children do not take care of there parent and leave them at old age home. There shall be a strict law against those children who does not take care of the parents which is there responsibly. Every children should take care of their parents the way they did. 
0 0 Dear prime minister, i travel a lot across india... what i have been noticed people through garbage from windows of Buses and Trains... which is exploition of "Swachchh bharat abhiyan", that seems unpleasant .... then could please announce "keep the garbage yourself and dump it up at your Destination" 
0 0 sir, high time... considering the uncomfortable minority you have in the Rajya sabha, you consider taking mandates directly from People (Janadesh) to be held on a National basis (similar to the General elections). Janadesh obviously supersedes the Constitution, both the houses of Parliaments and the Supreme court. Alone Janadesh (while the time is still available) can solve various vexed issues such as Ram Mandir Construction, Scrapping of Art 370, enforcing common civil law for all etc. 
0 0 Request Indian people to devlop love,devotion & patriotism towards India, resulting control over coruption.that means Deshprem bada bhrastachar ruka.The one who thinks welfare of country will never support coruption & tax chori.one corrupted man think of himself & his family, never think of the country. A technology should be developed by which love, devotion, patriotism should develop among us. patrotic song should be sung daily.one should take oath daily that he serve India honestly 
0 0 Sir, Please encourage people to take collective effort to stop pollution of River Ganga .Water of River Ganga is used in PUJA and also there are many biodiversity like -Platanista gangetica. Please encourage people not use harmful colours and chemicals in food and please make a strong law to stop food adulteration at all level for benefit of public health. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Narendra Modi ji, As a youth of our country INIDA, I have made some of the observations directly or indirectly which I think is creating tensions in our country. I have written in detail about that issue with the possible solution as per my thinking about the situation as an attached pdf document. I believe if these points could be addressed by you on our Independence day,we can atleast reduce the effects. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी आप से अनुरोध है की आप बेटी बचाओ बेटी पढाओ का नारा तो देते है कभी ये सोचना की एक किसान बेटी को कैसे पढ़ा पायेगा जब सरकार अनाज व अन्य फासलों के दाम तो बडाती नही और दूसरी तरफ़ आये दिन खाद व दवा के दाम बढ़ जाते है फ़िर किसान बच्चो को पड़ने भेजना तो दूर एक आम घर चलना भी मुशकिल लगता है फ़िर एक तरफ़ बेटी की फीस दूसरी तरफ़ घर मे पैसे की कमी तब आत्महत्या करने की सीचने लगता है.आपसे अनुरोध है किसानों की आय बढ़ने के बारे मे सोचे व किसानों के बच्चो को स्कॉलरशिप देने का कोई नियम बनाये. 
0 0 Modiji, please know that v r fully committed to you. Please go ahead with your policies. And don't bother for these congi cancers. They r jealous for loosing chair n money. Sonia is gud riddance. V love u Modiji. Be careful of enemies living with you and behind u. 
0 0 The leading cause of deaths all over the world including India is hunger.Even tonight over 20 crore Indians will be going to sleep hungry. Tons of wheat and grains are getting wasted because of inadequate storage facility. Government should increase the infrastructure for proper storage of the grains so that it can reach the needful without getting rotten.we can't build a peaceful world on empty stomachs and human misery. #independenceday2016 #mygov #suggestion #speech 
0 0 Dear Modiji On this Independence Day , a strong message should be sent to the oppositions and the intellectuals.. Being of general category , I want you to declare some special scheme or some sort of surprise for the HARIJANS . Because its very crucial for the U.P Elections because oppositions are trying to brainwash their minds by spreading rumours... But I Know this Government is only for the development of India and its people specially the lower class. Vande Matram 
1 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी जिस विषय को मैं रखना चाहता हूं पता नहीं वो जनता के लिए महत्वपूर्ण है या नहीं पर मेरे और मेरे जैसे मज़दूर भाईयों को राहत मिलेगी यदि आप इस विषय को लालक़िले से सबके सामने रखें|महोदय मैं एक हिंदी समाचार चैनल में कार्यरत हूं यह बताना चाहता हूं कि हमारे संस्थान में रात्रि शिफ़्ट साढ़े दस घंटे की कराई जा रही है जोकि क़ानूनन ग़लत है जबकि दिन की शिफ्ट नौ घंटे है|आप ऐसे संस्थानों को कड़ा संदेश दें और इनके खिलाफ कार्रवाई करें|मेरी पहचान गुप्त रखी जाए| धन्यवाद 
0 0 1. There are very less people participate in Olympic/sports from India, we need to more focus on this which will make India proud in the world. 2. Safety of girls and kids should be important for us. 3. Now a days many education systems running behind money instead of giving good education, we need to more focus on educational growth of Indian children's. 4. Most of the Indian systems are corrupted, people should do any documentation work without giving money to gov employee 
0 0 Honarable Modiji.... First of all thanks. To Contribute of every INDIAN In all goverment schemes is possible only because of you. I saw from last two to three olympics we are not having lots of medals. I request you SIR, please do something for SPORTS activity. As our poulation is more than 120 crore at least we have 10 % to 20 % medals. But we dont have. I thing we need some special SPORTS SCHOOL in every city with full Facilities. I hope we are on top after few years in olympic. Regards Umesh 
0 0 'Voice to Voiceless' slogan still waiting attention of state. To promote voice of voiceless community PM should focus on its stand. Can tell what action is in process to promote community media and citizen journalism. What action is taken/planned to promote community radio/community newspaper/community television which can only the neutral and effective medium of peoples voice. Followed by some examples..... 
0 0 We hv full faith in Modiji. We expect that he and his team shall give befitting reply to porkistan so that the mistake committed by Nehru after partition (at least) can be reversed. Give porkistan reply in d language it understands. Porkis r monsters. No words r enough for describing these evils vampires. 
0 0 our future india is a friend for all the globals 
0 0 Dear sir Please talk about the health of the people of this country. Please discuss regarding more spending by the country on the health sector. This is most urgent and important issue. We will never become a great nation without having healthy people. It has to be affordable at all times. Great initiative and effort by the government is required. Please do find some time to discuss about the plight of doctors who spent their life studying only to find themselves jobless at the end. Thanks. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sirji, Bharat Maa Tuje Salam !  Vande Matram ! J & K is Head & Hevan of India! We must save it. Thanks with warm regards, Ur's Rajni B Patel  (A'bad-Patan-9712050593) 
0 0 Enhanced agri insurance schemes like business like insurance schemes and implementation of it; Stopping Tax Terrorism by Authorities; Linking of Rivers and Development of Waterways 
0 0 Modiji, on independence day you should escalate the low level politics in India like "Dalit ke pitai", Muslim-Hindu issue, etc Why all this happens in BJP government & ruled states only. Some peoples are using this issues to run their business called politics but is the most harmful to the country. Not for speech: You have decided to appoint rtd. bureaucrats as consultant, can you please tell india that how many were honest during their tenure and if not then?????? Think again. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister I want to congratulate you for our 70th Independence Day. Thanks for your commanding work and schemes for bringing our country on International front platform. In your speech on Independence day, kindly say a few words on "Need of Quality Research on Climate change, Environmental Pollution, Public health and Economy". Also provide your valuable views on "Clean Energy Mission". Thanking you. 
0 0 Happy Independence Day in advance to every Indian in India abroad who make us proud. I want to emphasize on one word...`Trustworthiness'. INDIA being one of the most trust-worthy nations in the world, the Independence day and our PM's other addresses should always include how INDIA had always lived by the value of `Trustworthiness'. This will help India to get strong International support on any external affairs issue......Warm Regards....Bharat Mata Ki pranams......Ganesh B. 
0 0 We are very backword in sports.we could not get medals in Rio Olympic.May be lacking in facilities, selection of good players or not promoting students.pls look in to the matter. 
0 0 Respected,honourable PM,better give more stress in regard of control the population, strict rule in regard of control the black money,give more attention in regard of connection of inter states of rivers,so that it helpful to Nation farmers,create more emlpoyment for youths,give more stress of rural development in connection with road development, electricity, schools etc.I am very thankful to you, if one word useful, God bless our Honourable PM,for long time to serve our Nation in strong manner 
0 0 अपील करें कि:- 1.समर्थ व्यक्ति सरकारी स्कूल या किसी गरीब घर के कम से कम एक बच्चे को पढाई के लिए गोद ले| 2.सभी डाक्टर/निजी क्लिनिक अपनी सुविधानुसार सप्ताह में एक दिन गरीब लोगों की मुफ्त चिकित्सा प्रदान करे| 3.नागरिक सप्ताह में 2 घंटे सार्वजनिक स्थानों की सफाई करे| 4.सभी फ़िल्मी कलाकार सरकार की कल्याणकारी योजनाओं से जुड़कर उसका प्रचार करें| 5.सभी व्यापारी बाल श्रम ख़त्म करने का संकल्प ले| 6.सभी डीएम/एसपी एवं अन्य अधिकारी सादगी अपनाएँ एवं प्रति दिन कम से कम 3घंटे गाँव/कार्यालय का दौरा करें| 
0 0 साने गुरुजींचे स्वातंत्र्य विचार सहज साधनाची वेबसाईट चाळताना मला साधनेच्या पहिल्या अंकातील साने गुरुजींचा लेख वाचनात आला. देशाला स्वातंत्र्य मिळून एक वर्ष झाल्यानंतर साधना साप्ताहिकाचा जन्म झाला. पहिल्या स्वातंत्र्यदिनीच पहिलाच अंक प्रकाशित केल्यामुळे साहजिकच देशाच्या स्वातंत्र्यावर यामध्ये संपादकीय लेख आहे. साने गुरुजींनी स्वातंत्र्य म्हणजे काय याचा विचार यामध्ये मांडला आहे. पण भारताला स्वातंत्र्य मिळूण सत्तरी गाठली तरी.. see more on http://rajendraghorpade.blogspot.in/2016/08/blog-post_7.html 
0 0 Respected Sir, It should be compulsory for the children of Govt. officials and employees to study in Govt. schools which in turn can improve the quality of education & facilities in these schools. #IndependenceDay2016 #MyGov Regards, Radheshyam Vyas Kashi Bhawan,Chanderiya, dist.Chittorgarh (Rajasthan) 
0 0 Pakistan is taking advantage of the Kashmir problem by instigating people like Gillani where as the people of Pakistan occupied Kashmir are suppressed.there are no Harriett leaders or no demand for azad Kashmir.All kashmir pandits and non muslim are driven away.only people migrated from Pakistan are living in Kashmir.we were playing passive role so far. it is time for aggression. 
0 0 I want to share some of the very relevant point that must be included in your speech. 1.Educational System of our Nation is required to be unified and it should be bring out at control of Central ministry.The free and quality based education must be given for all the young Indian's .There will be a Single Syllabus that must be followed by the whole state in India upto Higher Secondary Level of Education ,with giving prime importance for the mother tounge. 2.New Economic Policy 
0 0 I think the people at large should be encouraged to salute the soldier whenever they see them. This would enable patriotic feeling among the people and will discourage anti activities against the country and at the same time will give the motivation and the respect that our soldier seeks. 
0 0 Kya PM saahab sach main yahaan comments check bhi karte hai?. mujhe aisa nahi lagta. 
0 0 Respected Pradhan Sevak , Please stop giving appointments to retired government servants in government jobs. Crores of educated as well as experienced and needy persons are looking for jobs. Govt jobs are being offered to retired government servants on the ground of their expertise knowledge in the respective field.Please arrange to implement skill development programme for government jobs too. 
1 0 माननीय प्रधान मंत्री जी, सादर प्रणाम! हमें आप से एक कानून लाने के लिए अनुरोध है, की जब हम एक दस रूपये का साबुन भी खरीदते है तो उसके डब्बे के अंदर गारंटी के साथ साबुन ही पाते है. अगर कोई दुकानदार साबुन के डब्बे में पत्थर भर कर दे दे तो, उस पर कई धाराओं के तहत केस हो सकता है और महज दस रूपये के साबुन की धोखा-धरी में वो जेल जा सकता है. तो मेरा प्रश्न ये है की हम लाखों-करोड़ो खर्च कर अपना विधायक एवं सांसद चुनते है तो उनके कामों की गारंटी क्यों नहीं? क्या हम ऐसा कानून ला सकते है की हर नेता 
0 0 Firstly any complaint or local case filed is not solved within time until posted to high post official . Another thing education in village is not that good . Students from cities should visit and give seminars for senior secondary students of village school. Third thing, if any student wants to do coaching for ias , ies etc and he is not able get from his family then government should give some scheme for those type of students and cover from them later. Reservation should be eradicated . 
0 0 sir jis desh me per year approx 200000 child chori hote ho.[human tracking ] [1] sir durgs ke baad ye sab se bada aaprad ban gaya hai / [2]sir en bachho ko kya kya sehna padta hai jaise beekh mangne ke liye betha diya jata hai [3]aur child labour,yaha tak ki baccho ko bech diya jata hai [4]sir kitna inhuman behaviour hota hai en baccho ke saath [5]inke parents ko kitna suufer krna padta hai puri zindagi bhar NOTE: SIR ISKE LIYE SAKTH KANOON BANANA CHAHIYE 
0 0 We should have a vision, wherein  all citizens of our motherland has food, shelter & means for sustaining life. 
0 0 भारत् कॆ स्वतन्त्रता दिवस पर सबकॊ बधाई दॆतॆ हुए, भारत कॆ उपलब्धियॊ की ब्याख्या कॆ साथ साथ, आजादी कॆ लिए महापुरुसॊ कॆ त्याग व बलिदान कॆ मुल्यॊ कॆ आधार पर भाईचारा और सामाजिक समरसता बनायॆ रखनॆ मॆ हर नागरिकॊ की भूमिका का एह‌सास, आर्थिक स्पर्धा मॆ मानवीयता का अवलॊकन, एक भारत सर्वश्रॆष्ट् भारत की भावना सॆ राष्ट् कॆ प्रति समर्पति हॊनॆ का आवाहन‌, सहिस्णुता और सामाजिक विविधता कॆ ऊपर सरकार की जिम्मॆदारी की सकारात्मक रवैयॆ का खन्डन करना आज की स्थिति कॆ अनुसार 15 अगस्त् का महत्वपूर्ण विषय हॊना चहिए 
0 0 Dear sir May Chandan kr yadav Begusàrai bihar May ak nibedan aapse karna chahta hu ki desh me jitne bhi national company jo bhi utpad banate hai hai un aabhi samano par ak national logo diya gay Taki har bhartiye raatiye company ka saman kharid sake Aur o made in India mission ko success kar sake Jay Hind 
0 0 With successful launch of #SwachhBharathAbhiyan, #PradhanMantriJanDhan, #KrishiVima & #GST, next move should be #InterlinkingOfIndianRiver. In last five decades govt's have spent many crores on either flood rehabilitation or drought relief. Most pathetic is we lost many lives fellow citizens in these crisis. Further, Interlinking of rivers will also will have positive impact on economy as #GoldenQuadrilateral. Early implementation of this project project is need of ours...! 
0 0 Unemployment among youth is one of major source unrest, crimes, dissatisfaction  and many problems being faced in the country. PM may concentrate on schemes for generation of employment. Swatchh Bharat including development of venders for supply,installation and maintenance of waste treatment plants. All vehicles should pass annual tests for road worthiness, results should be connected online, massive tree plantation along roads, rail lines across the country has vast employment potential. 
0 0 Respected & Honorable Sir, Peoples  OBLIGATIONS & RIGHTS are very relevant at this stage on our country. When people are having more Obligation we can have better progress which is more sustainable. We assume Rights stand alone without obligation. This limited thinking has to change for effective progress. Social services has to be part of school curriculum Also ACCOUNTABILITY in Govt service & Civil Society has to be enforced. When we all take responsibility for our actions, leads better 
0 0 After watching Rio olympic-2016, I am very upset. such big population country have no sport talent or other problem. in my point of view,We have plenty of talent but due to lac of proper training, not get good talent who compete very well in this type event. It required to add one sport subject mandatory in education system from third standard. so child talent come out in early age. So, we provide proper training and guidance from beginning. By this we can get good talent. Jai hind. 
0 0 Sir good evening, please speak about the MY REAL HERO like the FARMER who do all his effort to the country and INDIAN ARMY who give his life to India,s.Independence Day is the day of the INDIAN ARMY and FARMER,S. THANK my PM to give this opportunity. 
0 0 PM Shreeman Modi ji ko Namaskar, Happy Happy Independence Day, Jai Hind As per attached file Kindly find suggestion according to me. Thanks, Prakash Chandra 
1 0 Respected sir, I like your make in india,swacch bharath,startup india programs.I request you to make clean india like dont spill spit on roads, putting dust or throwing useless things on roads which makes the place not nice.Kindly make a note and provide some awarenes on this in tv's,internet.provide boards indicating rules and strictly follow can make the place clean. 
0 0 For my Hounourable Prime Minister First i want to congratulate you for our 70th Independence Day. Here iam just expressing my personal veiw , which can eliminate many problems my country facing in one GO. Make manditary in education system that all students will join FORCES after complition of standard 12th, after a medical test, for min 3 yrs . Government should take care for there graduation during this three years.Further specialization of studies can be continued after serving forces. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधान जी, पर्यटन मंत्रालय द्वारा उपलब्ध कराया गया टोल फ्री नं  1800111363 भारत में पर्यटन के विकास के लिए  बहोत कारगर होगा। इस सेवा के लिए आपका बहुत बहुत धन्यवादय। आप सभी लोगों से आग्रह है 1 बार जरूर इस नं. पर काॅल करें और अपने क्षेत्र हो रहे सांस्कृतिक महोत्सव की जानकारी लें। आपको काफी पसंद आएगी सेवा। मैंने तो अभी अभी राजपथ पर हो रहे भारत-पर्व के बारे में जानकारी ली। धन्यवाद। 
0 0 सर,गलत लिख गया,लिखना था -अपनी पार्टी वाले राज्यों में शराब बन्द करवा दें.सभी वर्ग की महिलाओं को सभी क्षेत्रों में पचास फीसदी जगह रखी जाय.सरकारी सेवकों को ड्रेस कोड जरूरी हो.आपने एक नागरिक को विचार देने का मौका दिया .आप धन्यवाद के पात्र है.सादर नमन. 
0 0 block money to expalion 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Good Evening, 1)India should be Beggar free,Accident free and Mosquito free country within 3 years. Thanks a lot. Kind Regards, S.Shetty. 9844616885 
0 0 #IndependenceDay2016, Respected Modi Ji My suggestion is that the MRP of Cancer medicines should be reduced and brought near to thier cost. Hospitals sell these medicines to patients at thier MRP. Though they are available at 60- 70% discount in outside market, but hospitals donot allow patients to buy it from ouside market and rather sell these to patients at MRP. If MRP is reduced to their nearby cost, then financial burden on family of cancer patients would reduce by minimum 50%. 
0 0 Sir, Make The Any Changes to 498a & DV acts Laws.These Types of laws are for Protection Women, Not For killing Men ,By Misue.Please Sir Make Any Anti_dowry Laws To protect Innocent Men . Thanks. 
0 0 #ALetterForEveryIndian #WakeUpForIndia 
0 0 Respected Sir, Noting system in government department should be abolished. It is the root of delay and sorruption. There is no noting system in private sector. So they perform better than govt. department.  Indian Administrative Service  should be changed to Indian Management  Service. Chandravadan Shah Bhuj 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Good Evening, 1) Kidney patients who are undergoing dialysis are spending Rs 20,000/- per month. These to be considered as subsidized similar to gas subsidy. Thanks a lot. Kind Regards, S.Shetty. 9844616885 
0 0 Hon sir My request is pl talk something on corruption which is huge in Pharma sectar by pharma ccompany on doctors. Why IPUP is not making mandatatry to all pharma cOMPANY. Regards PIYUSH NANDEDKAR NASHIK 9822353754 
0 0 I want our honourable PM should cover a point on Reforms in Legal & Justice delivery system on 15 Aug 2016 from Red Fort. There is urgent need for improvement in justice delivery system. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Keeping in view of world ranking of India, in  services like health , infrastructure,  transportation, ease of doing business,  public administration etc,  action plan for  5 years should be prepared to ensure India to be brought in the  list of    top  50 countries of the world. Chandravadan Shah Bhuj 
0 0 netra daan ek vardaan 
0 0 R SUBRAMANYAM 26-10-3 GallaVari Sreet Gandi Nagar Vijayawada-3 phone no : 9676342518 Independence Speech Today, all Indians in the country and also abroad are celebrating the festival of independence. On this day of sacred festival of independence, the prime servant of India extends greetings to all dear countrymen. I am present amidst you not as the Prime Minister, but as the Prime Servant. The freedom struggle was fought for so many years, so many generations laid down their lives, innu 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Good Evening, Kindly look into two very essential issues. 1) Pension for retired and V.R.S holders who worked in public sector companies are getting very less. They are getting  Rs. 1000/- or even less amount monthly under 1995 scheme. About 32 Lakhs of people will be benefited. This is to be revised. Recently you are revised to central govt. retired workers pension. This is excellent. This is for 70th Independence day. Thanks a lot. Kind Regards, S.Shetty. 
0 0 प्रणाम। सभी जानते हैं कि हमारी सेना के जवान अपनी जान देकर देश की रक्षा में जुटे है पर वे ड्यूटी करते समय अपने ही परिवार की मुसीबत में मदद नही कर पाते।सभी देशवासी उनकी मदद भी करना चाहते हैं। आप अगर निवेदन करे तो हर राज्य में देशप्रेमी लोगो की संस्था बने जो समाचार मिलने के साथ ही जरूरत मन्द सैनिक परिवार की मदद को पहुँच जाए।इसके लिए फंड हम खुद ही जुटा लेंगे ऐसा मुझे बिस्वास है।अगर ऐसा हुआ तो हमारे फौजी भाई निश्चित होकर देश सेवा कर सकेंगे। 
0 0 Honourable PM sir,(1)EDUCATION(2)HEALTH(3)FOOD these are primary NEEDS to any man on this earth.kindly give more priority to these needs in your gov plans and programmes.I think Education can be strengthened by various plans like sarva shiksha abhiyan and midday meal programme and,Health by good gov services and food by increasing products and strong support to FARMERS.THANKING YOU SIR 
0 0 1) Please clearly mention the progress you made on the things you announced in 2014&15. 2) Please mention your plans for liberalizing higher education. India to be a knowledge hub, we need great universities. 
0 0 Respected Sir, When we compare India with USA we find that in USA citizens are disciplined,abide by law,care for environment-cleanliness.There are heavy penalties for breaking the rules such as traffic.Here main hurdle in development are politicians who think & behave as if they are above law.Please discipline your politicians first to set an example for  the  people.There is proverb "As the king so are the subjects" This is also said by GOD SHRI KRISHNA in Madbhagwadgita. 
0 0 Respected Sir, To make new generation  disciplined, free from bad habits like smoking, tobacco chewing, wine etc NCC should be made compulsory  across India  from 5th standard  to college.  This wil enable us to have strong well trained , disciplined  young  indian citizens force to support  the army in the event of  war or terrorists attacks. Money spent for this purpose will never fail. Chandravadan Shah Bhuj 
0 0 Respected PM NAREDRA MODI JI, 1.I think that you should announce rewards (huge money) for next Olympic games so that students as well as players can also willingly participate and practice. assurance of reward(money) will get players insurance for the there bright future life. 2.Just introduce the nation with the ARTHKRANTI TAXATION  SYATEM so that the corruption will be definitely leave the system. And make people think about it.... THANK YOU SIR , P1... 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी सादर प्रणाम, मेरा सुझाव देश में होने वाले सड़क दुर्घटनाओं से सम्बंधित है।आदरणीय मोदी जी मैंने फाइल जोड़ दी जिसमे सड़क दुर्घटनाओं सम्बंधित मेरे सुझाव है। 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, We our proud of our Jawans. However, it is time to inspire every citizen of India to act as Jawan, for service to Nation. Be dedicated to devote time regularly as their duty to support, suggest, vigil rights of all citizen of India as our Jawan do treating every Indian Citizen without any discrimination on what so ever ground with determination and honestly. 
0 0 Namste  modi ji Is baaar Independence Day ko celebrate Bharat Mata ko Rakhi bandh kar Kare Rakhi k pahle Aisi rakhi Ka tyohar Logo ko prerit kare desh ki rakhsha Karen Dhanyawad 
0 0 Respected Sir, In  order to discourage  Public Sector  Banks  employees  frequently  going on strike,  today bank employees  only 1 day LWP  is made in case of strike. Instead,   it should be doubled on every strike. For example, one time strike 1 day   LWP, second time strike 2 day LWP, third time strike  4 day LWP, fourth time strike  8 day LWP and so on.  Frequent strikes  by bank employees cause  untold hardship to general  public and damage to our economy.Chandravadan Shah Bhuj 
0 0 Dear PMji, One of the main problems our nation facing is the issue of corruption.Even though your government has taken several steps, every citizen knows that it is not eradicated completely.In this digital India where we are using mobile phones for our needs, I request you to start a project where a citizen can send the videos/photos/audio clippings anonymously about the corruption using his mobile.This can be setup in every central/autonomous/state govt.office which uses the central fund. 
0 0 सर,आप को राजनीतिशास्त्र के विद्यार्थी के रूप में में सम्राट अशोक के समकक्ष रखता हूँ.इस स्वतन्त्रता दिवस पर आप फूल माला पोस्टर बैनर को कम से कम अपने लोगों के लिए प्रतिबन्धित कर दे.लाखों रोज बचेगे सर.अपनी पार्टी वाले राज्यों में शराब करवा दें.आधी आबादी यानि महिलाओं को शान्ति मिलेगी.खुपिया पुलिस की तादाद बढाई जाय क्योंकि खतरे ज्यादा है .असामाजिक तत्व आप की दहशत के कारण छिपे है.सही है,राजा नहीँ राजा का अहं राज करता है.नियमों को तोड़ने पर सजा कठोर हो और पालन करने वालों को पुरस्कार भी मिले. 
0 0 Pradhan Matrijee,Please tell 1)your achievements of past year 2)Activities your Government would do coming year 3)Expectations from the Citizens of the country how they should get involved in development of the country/take social responsibility. 
0 0 Dear Priminister Lakhs of flats are lying vacant and people want them on rent. But if we want the rents to go cheap and reasonable...provide quick action by law to get the flat vacated just by showing the documents of ownership to police. Time has come to provide police and legal backing to flat owners to get their flat vacated . This will BRING THE RENTS DOWN GREATLY. REGARDS 
0 0 Our country need a proper management system. As some of our states remain continuously in drought condition while the other areas face the problems of flood.There should be some linking system for rivers of various states and areas which can solve problems of floods and droughts. 
0 0 Sir, This is a humble request to kindly ban smoking at public places because passive smoking causes more harm to the non-smokers.It is more important to ban smoking instead of banning chewing tobacco. 
0 0 Some more suggestions to our PM for better health reforms 1-Bio Medical Waste at present it's a very big problem in many States bio Medical waste are transport for distortion it's very dangerous for human health can Govt arrange facility to destroy this waste in site the hospital premises so it will be easy and save for human life advance technology and latest Equipments are available for this purpose at present we use inslaters it's old and unsafe technology please stop these inslater. 
0 0 Every Voter & Adhar card members must pay @ Rs. 10/- per year as a stake holder of our loving country. It will not only generate huge revenue but also 1000/365 @2.75 paisa per day will give them the sense of ownership of this country, n people will avoid destroying or prevent destroying public facilities which they getting free or at negligible cost. 
0 0 Respected Modiji,I am very delightful of all your schemes for the nation.I suppose our nation would stand front of all the countries if it is free from violence, especially against women.It would be so beneficial if your talk includes this as you are a heartthrob to most of today's Indian youngsters and they may obey your advice. Thank youji. 
0 0 Sir,I want keep you attention on Farmers, Please make any statement for betterment. All Rice mill industry is close Bihar(Rohtash Dist) there is no employment in Bihar. All investment is going worse please think and bless the people of Bihar. There is no mai baap. All Farmer is under loan. we want justice from GOI. I have suggested earlier about education situation is worse than other state. I want please realize us win win situation. Jai Hind Jai Bihar 
0 0 And then that collected money can be used for welfare of Public And now a days ecommerce is a gr8 platform for collection in Nagrik fund.Direct link to give money for charity in Nagrik fund can be provided to all the ecommerce sites 
0 0 Sir, Use and throw के बदले हम अपने परम्परागत साधनो का उपयोग करे तो इस से एक साथ दो काम होंगे, एक तो कचरा नहीं फैलेगा, दूसरा रोजगार का सर्जन होगा,example सूरत में कपडे का कचरा निकलता हे यदि इस कपडे की कतरन को जोड़ कर उस की छोटी बड़ी थेलिये बना दी जाय,कई सामान्य लोगो को घर बेठे रोजगार मिलेगा,साथ ही इसका उपयोग बढ़ेगा जब प्लास्टिक का कचरा कम होगा।। 2) प्लास्टिक कप की जगह कुलड का प्रयोग हो। यदि आप अपील करेंगे तो लोग जरूर करेंगे। 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री श्री नरेन्द्र मोदी सर Mai is 70 ve Swatantrata divas k subh awsar par aapse ye anurodh karna cahta hu ki jis prakar aapne pichle varsh swach bharat abhiyan chalaya the jise almost hamari desh ki janta ka pura sahyog mila usi prakar main is varsh cahta hu ki aap Envoirment k baare me hamari desh ki janta se ye appil kare ki wo kam se kam apne BIRTHDAY p ek Plant jarur lagaye. Agar ye ho gaya to hume aanewale 5-10 saalo me polution par kafi had tak control ho sakta h.. Thank 
0 0 Women law namely the infamous 498A,the antidowry harassment law IPC is being misused. Many disgruntled wives are filing false cases. They treat this as a tool to harass the husbands family and to extract huge sums as settlement money. Time and energy of police is being wasted in investigating these false cases. Police know that these are false cases but being afraid they file chargesheet. Most results in acquittal but precious 5 to 10 years are gone in life and also reults in loss of reputation. 
0 0 sir desh ke har kone ki jankari ke liye aap ki leadership me [ALL INDIA YUVA PARICHAD] BANANI CHAHIYE./jisme har state ki area ke anusar member banane chahiye/ tatha member kisi bhi party ke sadasya nahi ho/ isse aapko desh ke har samasya ki jankari mil jayegi aur jis se aapka yuvao se sidha samwad ho sakta hai/aur bhi labh ho sakte hai 
0 0 As we have three funds in india consolidated,contingency and Public account.I want to suggest make one more fund "Nagrik" fund.In this fund there will be money of charity that citizen want to give to govt.Sir we indians have more desire to give charity rather than tax.Indian will give without hesitation charity of 1000 but will think three times before giving tax of 100.So I want to suggest that make one account number Public for charity.Sir crore of rupee will get collected. 
0 0 Dear sir, Please use this ocassion to reinvent the emotion of freedom struggle and to call upon our brotherhood to stop malign the fellow indian on the basis of caste and join together to through away the elements encouraging divide and rule policy and using the religion as a tool to attain the political gains 
0 0 Dear Priminister sir Housing societies are an example of cleanliness and beauty. That is not because different Indian nationals live there !! It is because residents have to give contribution for maintenance to resident association by law. But Alas!! There is no such law to provide legal status to residential colonies . If these resident associations of various colonies are provided legal backing to collect contributions...Then you will see colonies being maintained....properly. Thanks 
0 0 Honoured Modi ji, Please make public grievance handling system a bit accountable. Now public grievances are sent to the officer or office for grievance redress. Officer's decision is final. My grievance can be redressed justifiably for over past four years thru fifteen registered grievances. 
0 0 Sir I request you to to pl. insure all work as zero pendancy. As I heard that the Awards to be given to the employees ("SHRUM AWARDS " OF 2013 ) to be awarded by you and are Anounced  IN 2014 , are till pending . So pl. guide shrum Dept. to act on this matter. Nagnath Kadam 
1 0 Sir, to make our country a corruption free country the best way is the currency less economy. 
0 0 Sir, Happy Independence Day Wishes. Most Engineering graduates in the country are unemployable as of now. To improve the employability of engineering graduates, they need to be trained in the employable skill sets. To train them, we need good teachers. But now teaching is lucrative only if you have Ph.D degree. Otherwise, they get a meagre salary. But now many teachers have done Ph.D by purchasing them. Hence, my earnest request you not to make Ph.D compulsory for the teachers. 
0 0 Involve key technological institutes(IITs) in waste management particularly of non-degradable waste recycling like plastic. Also waste should be segregated to separate industrial waste, mobile batteries, laptop computer hardware waste and means of proper disposal of such wastes should be taught to common people. Highlight importance of copper utensils in kitchen to fight bacteria. Cleanliness at heritage sites will improve toursim. Old forts and monuments to repair. Thank you Jai Hind! 
0 0 Respected Sir, Cant we in India have election on development of country?Shall we not abolish reservation and have if necessary for financially weak people instead of caste.Politics on caste and religion is creating divide.On 69th independence day,can we get freedom from this divide.If we are united and have contructive politics with stress on development we can easily become better than america.We have all the resources to become best tourist destination,only infrastructure and safety is needed 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Aapke minister's tiranga yatra ke antargat "Vithoor" Kyun nahi jaa rahe hain? Iss pradesh ka mahatva to aap jaanate hi honge. E bhoomi Bajirao Peshwa & Tatya tope ka karm bhoomi aur unke awasaan bhoomi hai.Aur in veeron ki aage ki peedhi bhuke mar rahe hain(Lucknow ke aaspas). In pariwar ke ek member ko yogyat anusar naukari dilwayiye taki e log apne peth bhar sake,aur inka aage ka peedhi ka bhavishya bhi sudhar sake. Plz. take action imeediately. Onde Maataram. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, I am in Great Britain UK currently with my Son working here. The system of GOVERNANCE parasite on IAS BUREAUCRACY need to be eradicated otherwise there will be no difference in Hon'ble Mr MAN MOHAN SINGH & Hon'ble Mr NARENDRA MODI, kindly think ----- 
0 0 Respected Sir, youth of any country is its future. We must ensure  two things, they are educated and united. Any elements against these two things must not be tolerated. You have done a commendable job.  My best wishes for this Independence day and for doing best in future in achieving these two targets. 
1 0 आदरणीय महोदय, देश के विकाश में जन भागीदारी का बहुत बड़ा शहयोग होता है।हमारे देश के लोगो को सिविलाइज़ करने का बीड़ा हमारी सरकारों को उठाना चाहिए।सरकार को पंचायतों के माध्यम से लोगो को शिक्षित करने और समाज के लोगो को समाज के प्रति जिम्मेदार(Sense of Hummer)होने का एक व्यापक अभियान चलाना चाहिए ।आज इस देश में ये नारा बुलंद करने की बहुत जरुरत है।"हम सुधरेंगे तो सब सुधरेगा और सब सुधरेगा तो देश सुधरेगा"(If we civilized our society will be civilised and if our society will be civilized our country will be. 
0 0 Respected and Honorable Modi'ji. A small message will help Sr Citizens staying alone with childrens outside.  Please speak on the planned reforms with country wide impact 1ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMS Plan - Sr Citizens are harassed for property by offenders connived with DC/ADC, CO, police, MLA as a racket and create fraudulent documentation in 30 days in the name of quick action. 2.JUDICIAL REFORMS Plan-For justice to undo the misdeed by Administration, 5yrs not enough.Pl assure peace 4 Sr Citizens 
0 0 My suggestion to our GOI regarding tax reform if GOI less the %of tax 2% and compulsory to pay each citizens of India so it will be increased huge revenue as comprising of present position. we hope it will beneficial for all For example like small country Singapore. 
0 0 at the outset, thanks for opening up the doors to express the public their views on the important issues needs special focus of the Government and desire to express my views as stated below. 1. To mark the 70th independence day and as step to unite the india, you should insist upon a scheme to link the rivers in india, to attaian higher growth of agriculture and make the activities of Indian agriculture round the year 
0 0 Honourable  Prime Minister Of  India I want you to include these points in your Independence Speech : 1 To declare cow as national animal.  . 2 Prohibition 3  In road accidents thousands of   people loose their lives    every year. There is no effective mechanism to prevent this. 4  .In presence of  thousands people,   if some thief or gunda attacks on some one or  in road accident no body comes forward to save the person.  All are being spectators (tamashabin).  Chandravadan Shah   Bhuj 
0 0 Namaste India speaks almost 800 languages belonging to 4 different stocks - Indo-Aryan, Dravidian, Autro-asiatic and Sino-Tibetan. My suggestion is that the Union Govt. could name its schemes in different languages - Say one Scheme could be named in Manipuri, one in Dogri, another in Tamil and so on. This, I feel will help us celebrate our diversity and also unite us even stronger. Thank You. 
0 0 Respected Mr Prime Minister, India is big country so many expectations by public are natural.For country benefit next generation health is very important.Today we are not sure what we r eating is pure or not adelteration in every item like synthetic milk ghee pulses our children intakes are not sure of pure consumption which effects on their health what will be happen after 30 40 years when this generation.will take command of country sir ol please make hard rule .Regards Ashok Jhamb 
0 0 Respected Sir, 1.India is demanding expansion of UNO & also permanent position. My question is why don't we expand Loksabha according to our population.? Why the moratorium on new age politicians till 2026.? 2.Lakhs of Indians in their productivity age are migrating to others countries. This is the rootcause for India's under development. So what are the strategies adopted by the Government to avoid this brain drain ? 
1 0 With humble request I pray to state that while I was continuously working in the District Child Protection Unit Maharashtra state in the remote, Naxal affected and backward district Gadchiroli with full devotion since last three years the all of the sudden action of snatching my job has forced me out of employment and hence to Starvation allongwith You are humbly requested to look in to the matter to restore back my job and ICPS Scheme under working all employees Last Three years work future 
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister ,according to me the the topic on which you should talk about is here attached with. please see it once . thank you 
0 0 For startup India stand up India he can announce an initiative where he will help build teams of people with different educational background like engineering, accounts, law, science, MBA, hr etc professional studies, fund them, bring them together to build startups. Give them land, labour, water electricity, capital goods, machinery etc to build plants. He can talk about capital goods policy 
0 0 sir ,be a strong prime minister ..stand up ..and make bharat independent of caste politics let DALITS not feel dalits ,lets move bharat out of this caste system if we want bharat to be strong in 21st century,OTHERWISE SMALL POLITICS AND POLITICIANS LIKE MAYAWATI JI /KEJRIWAL JI/LALLOO JI WILL RULE  DIVIDED BHARAT AFTER 10 YRS ..AND WE CANT DO THAT ...STAND UP AND SPEAK SIR APNEY PURVAJO KA RINN(KARZA) UTTRANA HAIN .UTHISTHTAAA....PRANAM 
0 0 There is quite difference in cleanliness in city.but overall nature to dump garbage is there.to boost Svachata Abhiyan "clean zone" in every city can be announced and there should be strict fine to remain it clean.slowly clean zones can be spreaded throughout the city.right sentence to explain "there should be fear to create love" 
0 0 BUT NO ONE TALKS ABOUT THE DISCRIMINATION OF INDIAN in this context. 
0 0 Respected Sir, I would like to add few more points:Please give indian media example of media in uae.its strict filteration,no obe can post,say publish or report anti national things,supporting anti national sects or abusing anyone.we need indian media to be inline,bcoz of the reporting done,as an indian living abroad.it looks like India is breaking.Secondly,can we have some laws for our politicians, until when the politics be based on cast and religion?shdnt it be made illegal? 
0 0 Prithvi ko Bachane Ke liye Atmashakti Badhaane Ki Jaroorat. Vinash Ki Tivrata Badhne se pehle Apne andar ki AtmaShakti ko Jagrut Ki Jiye. 
0 0 आजादी के इतने वर्षों के बाद भी केंद्रीय मंत्री,प्रशासनिक प्रधान,विभाग प्रमुख आदि हिंदी भाषा का ज्ञान होने के बावजूद अंग्रेजी भाषा में भाषण देकर अंग्रेजों की मानसिक गुलामी का परिचय देते हैं|आपसे अनुरोध है कि राष्ट्रीय आयोजनों में देश की अधिसंख्यक जनता की भाषा हिंदी को प्रमुखता प्रदान करते हुए देश की जनता से सीधा संवाद स्थापित किया जाए| इसका दूरगामी प्रभाव पड़ेगा|आपको ध्यान होगा लोकसभा चुनाव में आपके द्वारा हिंदी भाषा में दिए गए भाषण की वजह से ही आपकी पार्टी को बहुमत प्राप्त हो सका था| 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, I will be completing 69 year age on 15 August 2016. I never bowed before corruption during my life for which I paid the price. The corruption can only to crushed by taking harsh as well as hard action study the case of Singapore where in 1959 Hon'ble Mr Lee Kaun Yew soon after taking charge shot dead the officials against whom the corruption charge established and sent other officials in JAIL against whom inquiry in NEEDED. The nation was expecting such action from YOU SIR. 
0 0 I would suggest to increase the moral of our Forces. They must feel that country is with them and their families. We never compare and come close to there sacrifices. PM Modiji please encourage the people to join Force. School should be advice to encourage and teach the patriotic history of our own country. People from countries like Japan, Israil,China etc.. have big respect for their country. They respect country call and give their everything for Country. We must feel proud on our country. 
0 0 Every indian should have one ID card which shall replace Ration Card, Pan Card, Voter Card, Employee card. Property purchase more than a certain value should be recorded with the card. Govt can get details of the person by entering card number on the system. While issuing this card retina scan may be adopted. Every govt office would have the power to update this card. On death validity of this card may be lapsed by concerned authority. This may avoid infiltration & terrorism in India. Jai Hind 
0 0 Honourable PM Sir, it is a great opportunity to citizen ti share his views. Independence is not defined as yet, it should be redefined. The style of functioning of public and govt becomes so opportunistic that no one is concerned about the patriotism which yields this D-day for us. So, it is my request to give more stress on Indian-ism for progress of country. Political mess becomes more dangerous in this regard. EVERY ONE PLAYS OWN CARD IN THE NAME OF FEMALE/MALE, DALITS AND OPPRESSED CLASS. 
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime minister, India cannot be in a more better place than today. Thanks for a great gov that is working and thriving and keeping India shine.  I also think India should root out poverty, land grabbing cases and poor quality health care and education. We may have differences but we shine and work together for a greater India. Bharat Matta ki jai. Vande Mataram. Jai hind. Hari 
0 0 Dear Sir Wishing you a happy Independence day. I request you to talk on small issues that can save big. Eg. Motivating common man to celebrate Independence & Republic day as they celebrate Diwali, Eid, Christmas Eg. Street lights remain on during day time. Eg. Motivating youth for positive politics Eg. Peace request & explaination to citizens of our Kashmir Pls explain ppl that each individual has responsibility, every1 thinks that others will start why me, so pls motivate them.. :) 
1 0 Respected PM Sir, Modi Ji, I have attached the PDF file for the details. 
0 0 Sir, on Civil Service Day 21-04-2015 you expressed that ART (Accountability, Responsibility, Transparency) is essential for Good Governance / Administration. However, this did not appear to be quite effective. The Corruption in the Central Govt. Departments have not been checked. So, it is requested to re-iterate it on 15-08-2016 as part of Independent Day Speech. Also, the Central Govt. Employees (especially Bureaucrats) must follow proper rules, procedures and processes while dealing people. 
0 0 please talk on 1.How harijans will be protected from higher caste Hindus and atrocities will be reduced by enforcing laws. 2.How income tax dept. will be modernized and corruption will be reduced from it.All transaction should be made thru email only. All interview with citizens should be video graphed and corrupt officers should be terminated. NRI and tax payer salaried persons should not get IT notice.Notice for past record of 8 yrs rules should be reduced to 5 years, as it is not practical. 
0 0 Dear Sir - We should extend whole day celebration on 15th August every year and also celebrate जश्न ए आज़ादी - याद करो कुर्बानी संध्या where cultural program can be done in evening with whole country celebration where Award can be given under different category :- 1. अन्नदाता -The farmer of Year 2. मेक इन इंडिया अवार्ड 3. Digital India Award 4. Start Up India Award 5. Service Men of Year More award for who really made a change. 
0 0 Sir, For Olympics,Our parents want stable career.So please pass an order for district level player ,minimum employment,he will shine if he fails to prove in Games. 
0 0 Hello My Dear Sweetest Brother Narendrabhai I suggest u on Independence Day make a system of Road Traffic System like foreign countries You shown there ,it is save Time Energy Fuel and life of our nation peoples It is most necessary thing to set up in our country urgently Thanks in advance for set up traffic system 
0 0 Respected Sir, The government is taking lot of steps to create awareness about "Swachhata abhiyan" and "Swachha Bharat" and it is really commendable. Can we include compulsory subjects,session,activities,seminars in all schools and colleges all over India? Can we include lessons in books on "Swachha Bharat" and its benefits in (Health,Tourism,Lifestyle,Public Places)? If we can make all possible efforts then it will definitely bring a great turnaround in coming generations life. Thank You. 
0 0 Pm ji can talk about the benefits of GST. The benefits it will have to economy and on tax evasion. He must acknowledge the role of all states and opposition in passing the gst bill. About the technology behind implementing it. How gst can be paid through online apps or computers. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Although some people have already been suggested the same but i am also want to share my thought about independence day speech. i want that govt should take some term plan insurance policy for our defense personnel which will help the families of soldiers, in case of any mishapping. I don't know whether govt is providing this facility to our soldiers but it will be a great tribute for our soldiers. Sir if this feels good it can be incorporated in independence day speech. 
0 0 Sir, Quality of our education to be improved. Now educated suicides,Former suicides,Women rapes,Chain snatching,Alcohol consumption is increasing.Please find the answer. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Pranam.I am writing this to you with great hope and concern. We all know, women are the most deprived folks of our country . If your government takes initiatives for improving employment oppurtunities for women in general (irrespective of caste) in higher education services by reducing minimum eligibility criteria in Master Degree (55% to 50%) for appearing UGC NET/SET exams for the post of Assistant Professor, then it would open more avenues for their employment oppurtunities. 
0 0 Respected PM sir, Thank you for giving us the opportunity of sharing our thoughts with you.I am live in dubai and work here,doing pretty well over here but i want to come back and contribute for India.the only thing which makes me hesitant is women safety.please include women safety and strict laws against rape, attempted rale and acid attack. As a women living here,i feel extremely safe here,there are very strict laws for safety here.can we please have laws in similar lines in India. Thankyou 
0 0 Respected H. E. Prime Minister of India Salute to our Indian Soldiers for their valuable contributions for our nation Free Medical free Education No more Reservations, No corruption, Agriculture is our first vision One Sim One Nation Make in India with Cultural Tradition, with  young generation's Inspiration and Dedication Equal rights and change of mind setup with all collaboration Is the India's Supervision www.subratade.com www.swaranjalionline.com 
0 0 Respected Sir, Pranam.I am writing this to you with great hope and concern. We all know, women are the most deprived folks of our country . If your government takes initiatives for improving employment oppurtunities for women (irrespective od caste) in higher education services by reducing minimum eligibility criteria in Master Degree (55% to 50%) for appearing UGC NET/SET exams for the post of Assistant Professor, then it would open more avenues for their employment oppurtunities. 
0 0 Honourable PM Shri. Narendra Modi saheb, I want my country intact. with no PoK, No LAC with china I wish to see India in world map as Govt. of India claim. Can you assure by 2019 all this border issue solved. I dont want 15 lakhs from black money but my country should be free of terrror, naxal. please sir assure us how to solve it. regards Anup Kasvekar 
0 0 He can talk about his schemes like Jan than yojana benefit figures. Savings in subsidies. The actual number of students who have received scholarships in their bank account. Number of mnrega workers benefited. Government savings in kerosene. 
0 0 1. Very Strong message on crimes against woman with time bound imp of simple & stringent law. Harshest punishment for crimes against child & girls 2. Helpline + Free Hospital + Instant Insurance for Critical road accident victims 3. Schemes for Stray animal adoptions & urgent actions for stray population control 4. Garbage Seperation + Processing ( Very Slow progress & most critical ) 5. Stringent laws on water saving + Green covers 6. Infra Projects progress ( NH & Rapid Rail for NCR ) 
0 0 Reservation policy should be amend according to their status and financial mayawati and other so called ST/SC and backward class support party doesn't bother about the poor people of society the reservation does'nt give to the school SC/ST children whose parents are already in government jobs and their annual income rs1000000 as OBC candidate and review their status whether there is a progress 
0 0 Increasing population is a thread for the growth of the economy. please tell to the people the drawbacks of Over population. We have limited natural resources and if the users of those resources become unlimited that will be worse condition for nature. All Indians have to follow the policy of ONE child for at-least 10 years. 
0 0 Sir, We need Technical skilled people.Our syllabus is age old.How can our young get Jobs?We need more focus on electronics field to be strengthened,we are importing much on that.Please conduct syllabus in such a way that it should give food.Our education have only science,not LIFE. 
0 0 ग्रामीण स्तर तक पुस्तकालय व्यवस्था माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी। .युवा देश का भविष्य हैं और देश के उज्जवल भविष्य के लिए युवाओं का सबसे बड़ा हथियार है शिक्षा। भारत को पुनः विश्व गुरु बनाने के लिए केंद्र स्तर से एक बड़े फैसले की आवस्यकता है की ग्रामीण स्तर तक हर ग्राम प्रधान क्षेत्र में  एक पुस्तकालय बनाया जाये और  २४ घंटे बच्चों को पढ़ने की व्यवस्था की जाये और उन पुस्तकालयों में प्रतियोगी परीक्षाओं की पृष्ठकेँ उपलब्ध कराई जाएँ।    शारदा मोहन तिवारी (लखनऊ) 
0 0 I developed Machine Translation technique. Spoken english, could be instantly translated to Marathi @ 5000 words per minute and heard/read in Marathi. This technique could be extended to all Indian Regional Languages. Some day if one speaks in english or Hindi, someone could hear him in Japanese. This has been tested by Deity, Electronics ministry. Government should acquire this from me at appropriate cost. Kindly grant me 5 minutes audience. 
0 0 1- ham brastachar rokne  ki bate karte hai, lekin netao ki sampati 5 salo me kitana barh jata hai ayur kuchh nahi hota hai. 2-kausha vikash yojana bahut hi accha step hai, par bibhgo me certicate dene ki teji machi hai, chahe unke pas kushal banane ki chhamata bhale hi nahi ho. Rajnitic hastachhep se aaj kal sarkari bhibhogo me kary aur appointment bahut prabhawit ho raha hai.jisase asantosh ki bhawana  mantriyo aur system par ho raha hai. 
0 0 He can explain to people of J&k that you cannot be more independent than being a part of free India. He can explain that Pakistan will treat you like pok without any human rights. He can also raise the issue of human rights violations in pok and reiterate that it's an integral part of India which has been illegally occupied. 
0 0 Respected Sir, In our country we are lacking of fear of our Law.Our law must be strengthen to make our system to work well.People have the confidence that they will get punishment after several years of crime.They can escape if they have a little political power.This is the main cause for All crimes in our country.I am in KSA,here people fear to commit crime/mistake because the fear of Law.Citizens should respect our Law and follow rules. 
0 0 HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER JI, THANKS FOR GIVING US THE OPPORTUNITY TO SHARE OUR VIEW. SIR I WOULD LIKE TO OR RATHER REQUEST TO KINDLY GIVE MORE EMPHASIS ON THE FARMERS/AGRICULTURE IN COMING YEARS AND IN THIS INDEPENDENCE DAY SPEECH. CROP INSURANCE IS DEFINITELY A GREAT THING. SIR THE COUNTRY REQUIRES ONE MORE "HARIT KRANTI" WITH MORE CANALS, SUBSIDY ON SEEDS, AGRI EQUIPMENTS & BOREWELLS DIGGINGS, 24X7 POWER SUPPLY FOR IRRIGATION. IT WILL BE A GREAT THING FOR INDIA. JAI HIND VANTE MAATRAM.. 
0 0 kuki agar jad ni majboot hogi to phir ped kase majboot hoga wo bacche kl ko desh ko bht aage le ja sakte he pr uske liye pahel hame apko hi karna hoga . wo bacche gareeb he arthik rup se pr dimag se ni aap ek bar unke bare me sochiye kuki aap se unhe bht ummid he kl mane ek bacche ko kaha aap ke teacher ni padate beta wo bola jab modi uncle dat dege to padayege aap ko wo jante he pr unhe teachers ka dar he uppar se kamjor tabka aap unka viswas mt todiye primary school ki dasha ka hal apko pata h 
0 0 Dear Modi Jee...We have been lot of faith in you.But we are getting lot of announcement(programmes)from you, but reality execution is not happening.General public thinking is that most of the time you are not india(always in tour).This is for the suggestion to improve your government. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Modiji on 15 August speech please declare and intervene the Irregularities and corruption of public distribution in kind under National Food Security Acts and deposit in cash to our jan Dan account for the BPLfamilies convenience especially for Northeast State . 
0 0 R/Sir, You should talk about true expansion of sports into rural villages as 'My village Sports /olympic' in a concrete and long term plan,especially where people of advasi tribes are leaving in a  mass.  Those are by birth hard worker and courageous  and archery their  in born sports. So in next olympic India will not wait with suspicious mind to open his account. 
0 0 I think the pm can speak about crop insurance scheme. He must explain that farmers will get a compensation in case their crop fails if they invest in the insurance scheme. This will reduce farmer distress and farmer suicide. It also pools in people money to help each other through insurance. 
0 0 Sir, Please declare on Independence Day that you will relieve the salaried employees from submitting IT Return & income tax will be deducted at source. That will eliminate manipulative documents preparation by the salaried employees. These paper works kill our productive hours only. Regards - Bishwajit Bhattacharjee 
0 0 Respected Sir, So many natural calamities and disaster occur in many states. The state Govt wait and pray for that to happen and asks the central Govt to pay lakhs and crores rupees, The actions taken by state Govt are so slow that many people die and situations become more worst. Its my humble suggestion that the center Govt should constitute Disaster Management teams and should monitor and take actions themselves. Actions will be taken, no corruption and accountability will be there. 
0 0 Sir, I think only education can change the country. An educated child can be an educated adult and quality education is the only area where our Govts rarely talks about. Primary education and Secondary level education is an area of politics in our country since 15.08.1947. Will PM Sir address this issue in his Independence Day speech. 
0 0 Sir, 1.Please encourage the farmers to adopt organic farming,this will decrease the burden of disease caused by harmful chemicals used during farming ,this will lead to a healthy India . 2.Please encourage the use of jute and cotton which are bio-degradable instead of plastic as bag ,wrapper etc. 
1 0 Sir, I feel that today’s  society and young generation are behind the soft / desk jobs only , they should be taught about the dignity and esteem about jobs related to physical work like farming etc., Sir, is it possible that Govt. will do the farming just like any other PSU industry and with due respect to you PERSONALITIES LIKE YOU WILL SPARE SOME TIME FOR SUCH JOBS. Allocations of Govt. lands to a group of Youngster’s for farming or employing the youth for Govt. farms.    Regards 
0 0 Talk about the real heroes of our country who gave their life for our moterland before the independance and after the independance without their involvement in the speech independance day celebration not worthful and address to youth of our country increase their particepation in nation building todays youth not useless but used less 
0 0 Respected Sir, Sub: INDIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGIES  (IIT) Some students are leaving prestigious INDIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY s in the middle of B.Tech course.Our government is incurring a lot of expenditure on running IITs The not so sincere students are declining a chance to other BRIGHT STUDENTS (who wants to study at IITs).The government can consider to fine the students who are leaving in the middle of B.Tech course of 4 years. 
0 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, देश में बेरोजगारी लगातार बढ़ रही है, युवक 16 से 18 घंटे दो दो जगह काम करने को मजबूर है। वेतन कब और कितना मिलेगा इसका कोई ठिकाना नहीं। यही कारण है कि उत्तर प्रदेश में सफाई कर्मी के लिए पीएचडी धारकों ने भी आवेदन किया। जनसंख्या बढ़ती है तो जरूरतें भी बढ़ती हैं तो फिर रोजगार के अवसर क्यों घट रहें है। संविदा नियुक्तियां युवाओं को भ्रमित कर रहीं है। इनसे आजादी दिलाएं पूरा देश कृतज्ञ हो जाएगा। वीरेन्द्र विश्‍वकर्मा,भोपाल 
0 0 माननीय मोदी जी, केंद्र एवं राज्य  सरकार की नौकरियों हेतु आवेदन करने के लिए अधिक फीस ली जा रही है,जो नौकरी पाने के नैसर्गिक अधिकार का उल्लघन है, कई राज्य सरकार के विभागों ने तो अघोषित रूप से आवेदन शुल्क को भी विभाग की आमदानी के टारगेट जैसा बना लिया है,मान्यवर  बेरोज़गार को वर्ष में दर्ज़नो आवेदन के लिए हज़ारों रूपये चुकाने पड़ते हैं, जो अनेकों के लिए असंभव और बहुतायातों के लिए बेहद कठिन होता है। यदि आवेदन शुल्क नहीं लिया जाएगा तो करोड़ों युवा आपको धन्यवाद करेंगें,राजेन्द्र सिंह नेगी देहरादून 
0 0 every youth should visit to border .esh tarah ki koi yojna sur kijiye sir I want to see bagha border and our army man and ask them how they feel about secure ourselves. what made them to do it. 
0 0 primary school ke liye aap bht dhan de re he pr koi rule kam ni kr ra he aap apne chote se lekar bade adhikari ko is bare me nirdesh de ki wo rule follow kare kuki ye shiksha ka sawal he ye apne bacche ko convent me padate he pr unhe primary school ko jana pasand ni akihr wo bhi desh ke bacche he unhe hk he padne ka ase to balshrem bhi badega kuki wo bacche maabap ke kahne pr phir kam karege kuki unke maa bap pade ni hote isliye desh ko pataan se bachane ke liye primary school ki dashasudhrana h 
1 0 namaste PM sir. I am studying 12th standard. Sir, We, the Indians are around 130 crores or above as on date in terms of population, but we are eagerly waiting for the rare of the rarest medal in RIO olympics.Physical education should be made a compulsory subject with practicals so that all students will automatically engage themselves for sports and games , which will lead BHARATH to the number one position in this universe. 
0 0 another small suggestion I would like to make. in middle east where our citizens are employed, we are treated as second class citizens compared to the passport holders from European, English and American citizens. there are two types of salaries for a person with same qualification and experience. an European gets four times our salary. this affects our dignity and self respect. our foreign ministry should talk to these governments. 
0 0 Dear PM, May I request you to this time talk about abolition of child labour totally. Can you talk about Child Labour free country... 
0 0 Independence means responsibility. Nothing else. 
0 0 Respected Sir We Indians would like to cover & highlight few alarming situations: Increasing rapes and molestation of little girls & women's in our society. Kindly address this to our good citizens & if possible kindly initiate to make amendment in law for death penalty & request all political parties to support this bill Rain harvesting ideas - so that our society will more vigilant and help with readiness for every year hit due to flood. Economical growth triggers Thanks Ashwani 
0 0 sir aap primary school ke condition ke bare me soche waha un baccho ko padai ka koi labh ni mi ra he desh ke baccho ke sath justice hona chaiye shiksha hi desh ko age le jati he aap un teachers ki manmani rokne ke liye koi team banaiye ,techonology ki help ligiye taki wo school jaye ,padaye un baccho ko padne ka moka mile or mid-day meal ka bhi labh isme hone wali dhandhli ruke wo apni duty kare kuki wo salry to lete he pe duty ni karte ye bacche desh ke liye bht khuch kr sakte he koi paye to. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Advanced Happy Independence day Pl encourage use of solar power for street lights. Give a very BIG THANKS to all our soldiers, the police , The BSF for their sacrifice and for being duty bound for it is because of them we are alive and progressing. 
0 0 Preranadayi modi ji.aaj mai aapke madhyam se deshvasio se ek aagrah karna chahta hoon..bharat ka har ek insaan bahut mahtvapoorn hai lekin mere hisab se kisan bhai is bharat ki jaan hai.aaj vo jaan kamzor si padti jaa rahi hai.jab unki aatmahatya ki khabar sunta hoon to atyant pida hoti hai.mai chahta hoon ki har vo insaan jiska bank account maujud hai vo apni raashi se sirf 1 rupya bhi de to 125 crore janta ke 125 crore rupye ho jaange.apne madhyam se is kaam ko aage bdaye taaki desh aage badhe 
0 0 Prime Minister sir,there should be a pan India strong regulation for school education given by CBSE as private school management is exploiting children and parents by way of charging heavy school fee as well as mandatory changing every year books of all classes so as to old book can not be read thus forcing the parents to buy new books.My another view about Divyang who receives convenience allowance of Rs.400/pm that should be increased now. 
0 0 I will request onrable pm to renew our education policy. one nation one education policy.board should be cbse for class 1 to 12.all state board should be converted in to cbse board.on other hand there should be one nation one exam for all professional courses admissions to be granted on all india ranks.poor and medium peoples can't afford cbse education in private school so all state and central schools would be cbse.PADHEGHA INDIA BADHEGA INDIA 
0 0 1. General Election issue - No Reservation to persons over 10 Crores of assets and/or 10 Lacs income 2. All building owners be allowed to install rooftop solar panels & excess if any electricity company buys less 20% serice fee (like in most western countries) will remove electricity shortage 
0 0 Sir,all of your planning and programs for general citizens are very good and progressive,but it's implementation on ground looking difficult due to lack of management on ground level.therefore sir it Is necessary to monitor it through very effective and real time based technology.Sir pl include the topic.also include paperless iindia topic.Thnx sir 
0 0 take initiation in MADE in india 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir, I will be completing 69 year age on 15 August 2016. I never bowed before corruption during my life for which I paid the price. The corruption can only to crushed by taking harsh as well as hard action study the case of Singapore where in 1959 Hon'ble Mr Lee Kaun Yew soon after taking charge shot dead the officials against whom the corruption charge established and sent other officials in JAIL against whom inquiry in NEEDED. The nation was expecting such action from YOU SIR. 
0 0 We the Indians Must shed Fear of Unknown, Change our Mind Set to work bravely for our Countrymen. We must embrace Brotherhood, we must Love all around us, we must talk lovingly to those placed under us by the Almighty. Most Important is Our being Happy and not Cribbing and Cribbing. You are my Nation Builders, Remain Brave, Remain Nation Builders, BHARAT builders and Contribute your Mind and Body to upliftment of BHARAT..... When you look back years later, you will be a proud and happy person. 
0 0 When China talks of the NSG not tightly closed, they bargain for their hegemony over South China Sea. Let's see if they can accept our permanent membership at the UNSC. If they snub us one other time.. Let's ban any product of Chinese origin. Any company that wants to sell to a billion people here and cannot make in China,  will setup factories that rival China. 
0 0 मा. प्रधानमंत्रीजी, हमारे देश में शिक्षा व्यवस्था राज्य के हिसाबसे बदलती है, पर हमे लगता है कि वे एक समान रहनी जरुरी है. मै महाराष्ट्र का रहिवासी हुं महाराष्ट्र में प्राथमिक, माध्यमिक शिक्षा का स्तर बहोत खराब है अगर इस स्वतंत्रता दिवसपर आपने महाराष्ट्र के लिये हर तालुका स्तरपर एक केंद्रीय विद्यालय कि घोषणा कि तो बहोत ऐसे परिवार है जो उच्च शिक्षा अर्जित नही कर पाते हमे लगता है हमारी कमाई का लगभग ८० प्रतिशत हिस्सा शिक्षा अर्जित करणे में खर्च होता है,हमे केंद्रीय विद्यालय कि जरुरत है. 
0 0 Pls ensure daily some economic development activity in UP and Punjab 
0 0 Modiji, This is the second NDA government and also a full majority government but why in power BJP becomes pseudo secular like Congress? We did not only vote you for development. But we also voted for harsh action against UPA scamsters, traitors leftists and terrorists and pak funded separatists in kashmir. May cost you UP in 2017 and central govt in 2019. Never heard any comment from you on the UP law and order or heinous crimes in past 2.5 years. So is it only for elections? 
0 0 PM should give due consideration to the retired persons, who have no pension benefits. this section is affected since interest rates have been drastically reduced, since their sustenance depends on the income from their investments. expenditure on medicine forms major portion of our expenditure. government should give free medicine to this aging population. medical insurance does not benefit us since it takes care of unforeseen emergencies only. existing diseases like diabetes and hyper tension 
0 0 Hon'ble Modiji on the auspicious occasion Pliz mention the development projects taken up by your government for Northeast States . 
0 0 R.BASAVRAJA , ADVOCATE , Davangere , Karnataka state RESPECTED SIR, For the 1st time in the history of our country , the transparency in govt. governance has up-come and we are very proud to have your goodseves as our beloved prime minister. My sincere request to your kindselves is : 1) Generate employment opportunities in Jammu and Kasmir so as to ensure that youths over there could engage themselves in their works which can avoid the youths becoming terrorists. 
0 0 Sir, get me a job.Unable to find since last 3 years . I have 2 daughters who are intelligent and want to earn good degrees ." BETI BACHAO is ok, but Beti Padhao is difficult . More difficult is healthcare for aging parents who do not have mediclaim insurance due to its age limit restictions and corruption in the healthcare business . I have not celebrated Independence day since last 8 years as I see corruption ruing the middle class and digging their grave .name of one noncorrupt department 
0 0 give Importance in Organic Agriculture And separate BUDGET like last year but more importance to be given 
0 0 Respected PM sir, the world is facing problem with terrorist activities in all world. please say something on terrorism. 
0 0 Skill channel  or job channel for youth to finding job  and get skill through tv channel. 
0 0 Respected Sir,Iam a pharmacist like me 800000 lakh peoples are giving service to nation around 14 hours everyday these people are paying large amount to electricity bill for cold chain maintenance for life saving drugs,instead of that provide SOLAR POWER 1kilowat per Rs 10,000(ten thousand),and save pharmacy profession save pharmacists. 
0 0 INDIA in worst condition in SPORTS...................... 
0 0 Suggestion attached 
0 0 Respected PMji My beloved PM,at first as a citizen of this nation,I congratulate you for good intentions to build this nation. Your visits to foreign countries strengthened our foreign policy. My suggestion in this independence day to you that ,pls similarly visit to our countrysides of various states to meet with villagers.Your MAN KI BATT is subperb communicating platform foor poor people of our country,but rurual Indians want to meet you physically. 
0 0 connection of all rivers in tamilnadu 
0 0 I PERSONALLY THINK THAT P.M. SHOULD GIVE STRICT NOTE ON THE EDUCATION SYSTEM AND BUILD THE WAYS TO ANALYSE THE GROWTH AND MAINTENANCE BY GIVING PROPER SYSTEM 
0 0 प्रधानमंत्री जी,हमारा देश mother land है।ऐसा हमारे पूर्वजों ने कहा है।लेकिन हमारे देश में हमारी बेटियों क्र साथ उनके job सेंटर्स में यों शोषण की घटनाएं बहुत हो रही है।मेरा सुझाव है कि लड़कियों  को ज्यादा से ज्यादा जॉब में प्रोत्साहित करने के लिए उन्हें ध्यान में रखते हुए जॉब creat किये जाये।मेरी बेटी भावना मोहता 25 वर्ष की हो गयी है।उसने MFTECH किया है पर वो मुझे हमेशा कहती है कि हमारे लिए बहुत कम अवसर है safe जॉब के।सो आप अपने भाषण में किसी नई योजना का आगाज आवेसी करें।हम पिता पुत्री प्रतीक्षा .. 
0 0 DEAR/ RESPECTED, PM MODIJI. Govt of india has made a important scheme "Smart Village". Forteen Finance Commission has given very important to Village Panchayats, Also as per 73th Ammendments in the constitution of india 1950, Village Panchayats have given very important ROLLS. But Panchayat Members has not given separate funds for developments in their wards as like MP'S, MLA'S & MLC'S, Municipal corporators. So pl's make necessary provisions in this regard. 
0 0 Respected Modiji: A small but useful suggestion to create awareness for BIODEGRADABLE PLASTICS, with an aim to make India plastic free and to speed up the process of Clean India Campaign. Document has been attached below. Thank you Sir 
0 0 I want PM Modi-ji to discuss about setting up organ transplant centres across every nook and corners of India and spread awareness among all the States through print media, electronic media like how population control awareness is being spread. We have lots and lots of people awaiting kidneys, hearts, liver, pancreas, eyes, etc. It will help a lot in alleviate the sufferings of people. Our govt. of India should work seriously to spread aware about donating organs. 
0 0 I think Sir your focus on 5 Es will transform India .Education, Energy ,Environment ,Ethics in e Governance and Exercise incl Yoga will help Indi to become world leader in 10 years. 1 Education to Innovation to Enlightenment 2 Enegy efficiency to Eternal solar energy 3 Environment and re Engineering swatchataa Abhyaan thru Everyone's participation 4 Ethics in e governance for Corruption Mukta Bharat 5 Exercise , Yoga Diet control to Madhumeh & HrudayRog Mukta Bharat .SAVE BILLION HEARTS 
0 0 1. Development of sports in india is worst than smaller country compared to india. 2. Agriculture should be developed in Organic. 3. Should be no:01 in Export not in import. 4. Connection of all rivers (most important than any other, for future INDIA) 
0 0 Sir, This is to highlight the changing education and respect level for women in our society. Rapes and such activities are becoming more and more day by day which is not a good sign. Severe punishment should be there for such culprits. We live in a country where women are worshipped on festivals and this is the respect we have for those goddesses. Strict rules should be made and seriously followed to avoid and prevent such activities. Regards सक्षम शर्मा 
0 0 Honourable prime Minister of India.. Greeting to you...ur attention required in the below solution for improving the poor roads in india- 1. why not build an institute of Integrated Road, Sewer and Electrification in which the standard of education and degree will be at the level of IITs and let those young man take the charge of roads in the country rather than let the cartel of corrupt politicians/ PWD officials/ contractors ruin our roads and future of our country. looking for your reply .. 
1 0 sir my suggestion is please include "Duties of citizen" topic on your  Independence Day Speech .... 
0 0 Dear sir, Agar is desh se 'Aarakshan ' or 'Bhrstachar'khtm ho jaye to hm realy proudly kah skte h k 'Mera Bharat Mahan'...jai hind..fir hm logo ko hamre desh ko chhod k bahar nhi jana pdega .,.. 
0 0 Very important,urgent and immediate Respected Pradhan Sevak i.e. Honourbale Prime Minister Modi ji, Kindly ,on top most priority and under Jan Dhan Yojana,open the accounts of Indian citizens who are found as beggars and other citizens who are seen wearing torn dirty cloths, on the railaway stantions , bus stands and other places of crowds . and deposit the diet money i.e. money equivalent to their food in their accounts under right to food and oblige. Eagerly waiting for a response. 
0 0 public interest in the information sought by RTI PMO Railway Section 7 ( 1 ) within the ordered letter pending in DLW , Varanasi  in 1956 when common land acquired by diesel railroad locomotive, Varanasi was founded, what ordinary people at that time was allowed 
0 0 please talk about the ban on Plastic bags all over the country. Boost the clean India campaign. Every state should use recycled paper bags or jute bags. 
0 0 many indians who are still feeling tortured or rejected or jobs tension cannot enjoy independence day because they live like slave.it may be within a family where the person who earns be king or behave like king,or it may within a society where rich families behave like king or it may be in an shop or office where owners behave like king.so where is independence for all?many people have to work every day if they want to feed their family?today real kings are politician and MPS,MLAS,mukhias 
0 0 Hello Sir, Thanks for this opportunity.request you to touch all the sectors.present in short, may be in percentage wise, the achievements and fulfillment of your previous ind day speech and present coming years plans in short. Request you to focus on the importance of value education of all the children and youth.This is the basic reason for all the atrocities in our country.request the youth to join the Indian armed forces, atleast in SSC, inorder to increase their patriotism.also women safety. 
0 0 Respected Sir, In Independent speech please give suitable reply to PAK. Also give assurance to Baloch and POK people with moral,financial and Arms support to oppose arrogant Pakistan Government. People of India will always stand by you. 
0 0 Thanks for the opportunity for give me the space for posting this. I would like to say on quata (SC/st/obc) system in education and service sector. I am in favor of giving an opportunity for the family which was deprived or marginalised. But it is to be given until the family codition is improved BUT NOT FOR THE WHOLE TIME SO THAT GENERATION AFTER GENERATION MISUSE THAT OPPORTUNITY. wHEN the family codition is improved both economically and socially then they should surrender their cerificate. 
0 0 Should there be anymore talks with Pakistan in the near future, it should discuss only this matter of vacating POK and nothing else. If War is necessary let us be prepared for it . 
0 0 1.cancel pension of MP & MLA. 2.create special sports school at every district level to get some medals in olympic. 3.Exam fee for competitive exams is too high please reduce it.especially PSU Exams like banks. 
0 0 A recent news says that the people of Gilgit and Baltistan have demonstrated against Pakistan and asked them to withdraw from that area. India should take advantage of this unrest there.US also has stated that vacating Gilgit, Baltistan and Hunza territories by Pakistan would help to solve Kashmir Issue. PM Sir please talk about this and issue a stern warning to Pakistan. Pakistan may be asked to give a timebound programme for withdrawing from POK and other areas which are occupied by them . 
0 0 Message to the youth- To make India successful production is as important as services. Off late every youth like non labor intensive seemed easy IT type of job.If manufacturing or farming sectors are left to the less skilled people the country can not grow as required. Even USA realize this mistake as China become no.1 manufacturing country in the world.Persistent efforts and hardwork for success are the qualities of youth, not short cuts, running away approach developed over the years. 
0 0 భారత దేశం లో ప్రాచీన భాషలలో "తెలుగు" ఒకటి. అంతరించిపోతున్న అనేక జీవజాతులను ప్రభుత్వం ప్రత్యేక చొరవ తీసుకొని రక్షిస్తుంది. అలాగే తెలుగు భాష కూడా అంతరించిపోయే వాటి జాబితాలో  ఉంది. దయచేసి మాతృభాష బోధన, మాతృభాష అభివృద్ది గురించి అలాగే నేడు మానవీయతను కోల్ఫొయి తల్లితండ్రులను కూడా వెలకట్టె దుస్తితి ఉంది. వ్యక్తి మానవీయత, తల్లితండ్రులను సంరక్షించేబాద్యత గుంరించి దయచేసి మీ ఉపన్యసంలో ప్రస్తవించగలరని ఆశిస్తున్నాను. 
0 0 Dear Sir , First of all  i am very pleased with u about how  the interaction b/w the gov and the citizen of our country is happening.if i had to make one request to u is that we need to generate lots of employment for youths and we need to also focus on the city to increase the infrastructure to generate the employments 
0 0 public interest in the information sought by RTI PMO Railway Section 7 ( 1 ) within the ordered letter pending in DLW , Varanasi 
1 0 Dear Sir, It is my sincerest request to decrease the quota of SC's and ST's in Public employment and education as competing with them seems a progressively uphill task.Kindly lend ears to the plight of the citizens belonging to the general category as well. Your truly, Akshit Gupta 
0 0 Sir what is true independent.i don't think we are still independent. Sir pls make some special efforts to provide three basic needs (roti kapda and makan) To every indian also make special arrangements for poor people for Medical help.no body should die without Medical treatment. Pls make compulsory for all the private hospital to provide free health to minimum  20% of patients.sir you are in the best position to take decision.. thanks jai hind air 
0 0 Pl consider following actions . 1 All NDA , MPs , BJP MLAs who have more than 1 crore wealth Must take Only 50 % or less salary.2 Start Training program on How to speak ,Maitain decorum and improve Management skills etc.3 Moral , Ethical training inclBHAGVAD GITA is must.4 I can help in Power of Gita in daily life.I try it everyday.BJP Karyakartaas need all this training and WALK THE TALK.Local BJP MPs are not using Technology and not accessible eg Aurangbad MP Mr Save 5 Make them Work 
0 0 सूचना का अधिकार के अंतर्गत जनहित में जो जानकारी डीज़ल रेल इंजन कारखाना वाराणसी द्वारा आम पब्लिकों को अपने पत्र संख्या पी०आर०/46/सू०का०अ० के द्वारा उपलब्ध उपलब्ध कराई गयी  उस    उपलब्ध कराई गयी |जानकारी के सन्दर्भ में  प्रधानमंत्री कार्यालय से आदेशित पत्र संख्या RTI 3228  सूचना के अधिकार अधिनियम 6(3) के अंतर्गत रेलवे बोर्ड को आदेशित पत्र पर CIC बोर्ड पूर्वोत्तर रेलवे गोरखपुर द्वारा पत्र संख्या आर/टी/आई/पीसी/IV/15/ 692 पर यह निर्णय लिया गया था कि आवेदक को सूचना के अधिकार अधिनियम के धार 
0 0 Mr. PM I don't know you will see and respond to my comment, you are doing really well for India , and please continue that, my humble request is instead of taking about fake gorakshak why not you pass a bill which covers complete ban on Beef export,Killing cow family will be taken as Murder and will be treated under IPC, your government is in majority now, Please do it instead of talking about fake gorakshak, Fake gorakshak is made because you are not doing your job. 
0 0 aarakshan ko band kro sirji aur unemployment badh rahi hai use roko 
0 0 the pollution and road accident can be reduced if all the road are madeto allow trafic only in one way.As there will be no crossover and no waiting ,no red light and smooth trafic this will help in reducing pollution. 
0 0 As a part of Independence Day speech Hon.PM Sir ! You may give a stern warning to Pakistan to stop meddling into J & K affair and trying to take advantage from the ongoing unrest there. Let them mind their problem with their provinces like Baluchistan, Khyber Pakhtoonwa, and stop killing people in the so called "Azad Kashmir" or POK. You may also warn them  that should there be war with Pakistan on this account in the near future , India would not stop till POK and Gilgit are recaptured by us . 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, The biggest problem currently India facing is uncontrolled population growth. We are on 1/3rd the size of US but have 3 times the population of US. I have not seen any politician or political parties addressing this. We should strictly enforce 2 child policy else the future of this country will be disastrous. Already we are seeing the negative side effects in the form of depleting natural resources, shrinking agricultural lands, crime rates, lack of empathy etc. 
0 0 Dear Pradhan mantri ji Example of a good leader is to define ' reality' yet give or inspire hope among his team members..Gandhi ji was a true champion of this. The key message from.Red fort must be inclusive for teacers..students..youth...soldiers..farmers and most importantly mothers to unite towards transformation agenda taken by NDA. Stern message to our neighbour like never before from.any PM.Employment generation and ease of doing business must be continued . Jai hind The biggest 
0 0 महोदय, लोगों की शिक्षा के साथ क्रूर मजाक किया जा रहा है, खासकर सरकारी विद्यालयों और महाविद्यालयों में ।यह सिर्फ डिग्री उत्पादन  करने का स्रोत बनकर रह गया है । गुणवत्तापूर्ण शिक्षण दिनों दिन क्षीण होती जा रही है । दोषपूर्ण शिक्षा निति कई पीढ़ी को बर्बाद कर देगी । शिक्षा को प्राथमिक स्तर से सुधारने की जरुरत है । अभी शायद ही किसी विद्यालय में विज्ञान की प्रयोगशाला होती होगी । शिक्षा को समवर्ती सूची से हटाकर पूरे देश के लिए समान व गुणवत्तापूर्ण शिक्षा प्रणाली बनाने पर जोर देना चाहिए । 
0 0 Sir, Make In India initiative will be successful only if we buy the goods Made in India.  When you had appealed people to buy Khadi, sale of Khadi had more than doubled. Likewise, you should appeal the people of India to buy and insist for Made in India goods only and to promote local industry and manufacturers.  Another swadeshi movement is required for attaining financial freedom.  Jai Hind 
0 0 Honourable Prime Ministerji, I would like to bring your kind attention that in our country courts take very long time nearly 20 years to deliver final judgement in cases whether it is civil or criminal. Because of this , crimes are increasing . innocent people are suffering; At the same time criminals are freeing with out punishment.  Juctice  delay is the main reason for increasing corruption and malpractices also. I kindly request you to speak about this and make the law to get justice in time 
0 0 INSTEAD OF FLLOWER/BOQUE GIVE & TAKE DUPPATA.DISTRIBUTE DUPPATA AT SCHOOL OR NEEDY PERSONS. BLACK MONEY IN REAL ESTATE- I HAVE SEND MY OPINION. PLEASE IMPLIMENT MY SUGGESTION. GROWTH IN CENTRAL & STATE REVENUE. ABOUT 90% REDUCTION OF BLACK MONEY IN REAL ESTATE. 
0 0 Dear Sir, In a recent Town-hall you were talking about how wearing khadi can improve the condition of the people involved in the khadi industry. In India and worldwide, the corporate office follows a tradition of wearing casuals on Fridays, why cant we have same for government offices and involve khadi in it. My suggestion is like there is a casual attire day in corparate offices worldwide on Fridays same-way we should have khadi day for government offices through out India may be a Friday. 
0 0 Dear modiji, This poem specially I write for you to share it to all on independence day. Kindly consider it and include in your speech so I feel proud that my thought become your words. Thank you so much to giving us chance to suggest our idea with you. Thank you so much. Happy independence day sir. Vande mataram 
2 0 आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय आप अपने उदबोधन में देश के उदीयमान खिलाड़ियों के प्रोत्साहन के लिए स्कूल स्तर पर राष्ट्रीय प्रतियोगिता में भाग लेने वाले छात्रों को पढ़ाई जारी रखते हुए ही सरकारी नौकरी देने की घोषणा करे तो जिससे हम खिलाड़ी बच्चे निश्चिंत होकर अपना शत प्रतिशत प्रदर्शन कर सकेंगे । पद की योग्यता के अनुरूप पढ़ाई आगे खेलते हुए कर सकते है । ग़रीब परिवार के खिलाड़ी बच्चे लाभान्वित होकर भ्रष्टाचार से बचेंगे । 🇮🇳 जय हिंद 🇮🇳 
0 0 Modi Sir,  please address Pakistan Occupied Kashmiris as Indians in your Independence Day address of 2016 
1 0 sir i request you to talk about giving us independence from fossil fuels.hope u have something big to share regarding electric vehicles and more stress in renewable energy. 
1 0 Use of technology for enforcing traffic laws within the Cities and also on National Highways so as to reduce the violations and punish the guilty and offending vehicles for saving precious lives and eradicate corruption 
1 0 should not they punished who throws their half eaten food(jutha)in parties and hotels?indians have forgetten the veda direction that :ann me devta rate hain:. 
1 0 If every earning citizen of India contributes, just one rupee per day,  Modiji can provide world class medical facilities to the poor and needy.  The fund should be supervised by Modiji himself to make it reality.  This reduces pressure on the Government also. 
0 0 Respected PM ji, I request you to level the playing field for Hindu education institutions. Right now RTE applies to only Hindu non minority institutions, which is not fair. And this is NOT sab ka sath. Please make laws that are equally applicable for all the citizens of India in education. Right now it is minority Vs Majority. All individuals should have same rights. Please talk about individual rights not group rights and entitlements. Thanks, Mallika P 
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister. i m a professor in Rachana Sansad AFAC Mumbai on contractual basis since from 10 years. i am graduated  and PDG from M S University of Baroda. i have changed almost 16 times houses in Mumbai and Virar.i have won a flat in MHADA lottery but I have no money to pay even basic amount due to contractual basis job . please make getting  a Home right to live in house  flexible for visual artists and scientists etc. Happy Independence Day. Vande Mataram 
0 0 Of late the prime most concern has been health and food contamination. Some simple yet effective steps shall be taken such as: Banning GM foods Banning Azinomoto/Monosodium_glutamate encouraging organic farming 
0 0 21 दिसम्बर 1963 को भारत में भ्रष्टाचार के खात्मे पर संसद में हुई बहस में डॉ राममनोहर लोहिया ने जो भाषण दिया था वह आज भी प्रासंगिक है। उस वक्त डॉ लोहिया ने कहा था सिंहासन और व्यापार के बीच संबंध भारत में जितना दूषित, भ्रष्ट और बेईमान हो गया है उतना दुनिया के इतिहास में कहीं नहीं हुआ है। निश्चित तौर पर यह माननीय लोहिया जी का एक बड़ा वक्तव्य तो बन गया लेकिन इस पर पालन कितना हुआ, इसकी तमाम गिरहें पिछली केंद्र सरकार में हुए घोटालों की खबरें खोलती रही हैं। लेकिन हम असलियत से पर्दा हटा रहे हैं। 
0 0 sir,pl give attention  on senior   citizens sufferings. 
0 0 give kashmiris the real meaning of freedom as freedom does not mean stone pelting on the police personnel who gave the country that all thing which it needs in all havoc condition such as tsunami,flood,bombing,terrorist attack,land slide,war with pakistan etc. 
0 0 Dear modiji government has been keeping so many programes for farmers but still  instead of farmer scuides comming doing the count is increasing day by day so i request u to appeal to all farmers not to commit scuides and tell them that how can india progress if farmers are commiting sucides and take necessary steps   . thank u modiji u have eliminated corruption at top level but still officers are sucking the common people blood please take steps it has become their right to take bribe 
0 0 Education in India has become business for all industrial houses. Education policy needs to be discussed and proper policy to be framed. One idea can be to privatise education and allow institutions set up in private sector to run at their own without any tax exemption etc. and also coexist institutions set up by government and truly on charitable basis for deserving section of society. 
0 0 Ideas for Corruption mukta Bharat 1 .Make App for posting specific instances of corruption integrated with Aadhar no or annonimity .2 All Govt depts eg Municipal council ,Ele boards should do min ISO 9001 and ingrate all interfaces on line.3 These JUNCTIONS are the biggest culprits.Message should go to top ASAP 3 Quality of services and timelines to be monitored independently.4 PL SET UP CENTRALISED QUALITY DRPT AT PMOs office.I am ready to coordinate   Kishan Vasekar B Tech IITB MBA RETIRED 
0 0 Swach Bharat is a response to the great degree of uncleanliness and filth in India. It is very courageous of PM Modi to take up this intractable problem. But we should take more fundamental steps to solve the problem of waste management in India today. This should involve more and more members of the public...and become a part of the consciousness of millions of students all over India. We create waste and trash...We can solve it ONLY IF WE ACT in unison. 
0 0 pr ye desh ke baccho ke sath khilwad kr re wo desh ke bacche he unki niv ko kamjor kr re he high education ke bare me bht bat hui pr low education ke bare me ni are jb niv ni strong hogi to ped kase?ye school me 15 aug  ni manate koi school ni jata shiksha ke sath khilwad kr re he is tare se balshrem,or na jane kya kya bad ra he desh ka patan ho ra he agar in baccho ko accha mahol mil jaye to ye bhi desh ke liye khuch kr sakte pr afsos koi khuch ni kr ra he na adhikari na karmchari. 
1 0 Respected sir I feel honoured with your appreciation letter in my name. Sir many government scheme benefits are not reaching the proper people. I wish mighty god bless you with enough strength to lead our country for 25 years more. 
0 0 please say something about unemployment issue sir 
0 0 Dear sir, Also i want to tell you one thing that, please ask our citizens know about railways. Many software engineers also dont know basics of railways and how it works. I feel improvement railways surely help this huge population. But it should come from people. People should pitch for more railway lines and speed train. It helps to resolve issues in land acquisitions and administration issues for new lines. All citizen must understand importance of railways and how it will help environment 
1 0 SIR,SINCE I AM A STUDENT I WILL TALK ABOUT EDUCATION.EVERY YEAR LAKHS OF STUDENTS GIVE PRE MEDICAL EXAM FOR SUCH LESS NO OF SEATS. ON TOP OF THAT MCI IS REDUCING SEATS IN GOVT MEDICAL COLLEGES & INCREASING SEATS UPTO 150/200 IN PRIVATE MEDICAL COLLEGE WHO TAKE SUCH A HEFTY FEES WHICH CAN'T BE GIVEN BY A NORMAL FAMILY. SIR THERE IS SO MUCH CORRUPTION GOING ON IN MEDICAL FIELD THAT PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT ABLE TO WRITE INJECTION NAME HAVE BECOME DOCTORS BECAUSE OF MONEY/SOURCE.PLZ CONSIDER THIS MATTER 
0 0 Dear Pradhan Mantri Shrimaan Narendra Modiji, It is important for citizens of India to 'feel' the pride  of a developed nation This feeling will not come from any amount of infrastructure development. It can come by a self declaration that we are developed! With it comes the ownership that we are responsible for our current state. Sow such seed of national pride Physical development has to follow, but maybe we attempted it the other way round in past hence we lagged. Bharat Mata ki jai 
0 1 should not festivals holiday reduced or removed?those who want to pray their devi devta should bear the cost of it.too many holidays is harmful to all. 
0 0 Dear PM, Please mention & take action on corruption in passport making at police level where the police will not intiate your case untill bribevis given & unwanted mistakes are pointed to harss the citizen & also i feel the tone of the police staff should be softer minus arrogance so that there can be better connect.I feel you will mention this pointbin your speech & take action this point seems to be small but if rectified will increase your respect in eyes of citizen of india.#PassportHarss 
0 0 In Karnataka parents have come to believe that engineering and medicine are the only two options for children causing a lot of frustration among children. Also they are unaware of various other opportunities. In your independence day speech, please do encourage the youth and parents to encourage children to choose from a diverse set if career options. Also, it would be of help if parents are made aware of the various career options and dispel the fear that those options are fraught with risks. 
0 0 Despite our great culture and tradition, what most Indians now lack,is "Discipline". Inspite of many great personalities we have/had, it is unfortunate that most of our population lack Discipline. It is the root cause for all other bad qualities like corruption, un-civilised behaviour, social irresponsibility, lack of civic sense, and many more. Self displine paves way for every other virtue. Unlike in my childhood 60 years ago, now children are not taught morals and discipline.This needs focus. 
0 0 Thnx sir for getting contributions of  people Truely ur govt. Is for people by great people and doing great work for nation. I salutes again Sir ,my suggestion is that why we dont make a fund for our soldiers who gave supreme sacrifices for nation. The contributions to this fund should be tax free and even source of money need not to be disclose. 
0 0 Dear Primeminister Sir, Please motivate youth indians to all of your support because 30% of population youth indians without your kind support can't alive. Sir,I think your one of most view action against youngest indians are required. Sir, Please give priority in "LALKILA PRACHIR" on 15th August 2016. Jai Hind Yours sincerely Sunil Kumar Singh 8130955252 
0 0 First of all i would like to congrates for your great work. Please try to speak in 15th August speech about cyber crime & cyber security. because we all ethical hacker had done some good certification and waiting for job opening in cyber security field in government department. we are highly interested to do job in cyber security field in government department to protect our country INDIA from cyber crime.. slogan:  "साइबर अपराध मुक्त भारत" JAI HIND JAI Bharat 
1 0 आदरणीय मोदी sirji सर जी 15 ऑगस्ट को हमें भारत की जनता से अपील करना चाहिये की चाहे कुछ भी हो, हमें जो लोग अनाज ,दूध ,तेल मिठाई या जो भी खाने की वस्तुये है उस में जो मिलावट करते है ऐसे लोगो को रोकना है,सर जी आज हर चीज मिलावटी आ रही है ,सब्जी हो या फल हो सब में केमिकल का उपयोग कर उनको वक़्त से पहले तैयार कर खाने लायक बनाया जा रहा है जिससे घातक बीमारी का प्रमाण बहोत बढ़ गया है और सबसे बढ़ी बात तो यह है कि बच्चे इस मिलावटी चीजो से ज्यादा इफेक्ट हो रहे है इस से कम उम्र में मुत्यु का प्रमाण काफी बढ़ गया. 
0 0 Sir how can a person do duties at a stretch for 72 hrs.a medical student gives 12-15 yrs in his study..in that period his family also expect something... But he became helpless when all of his family expectations end with a negative output..sd not there be a uniform work culture, distribution of emergency and a compulsory weekly off on rotation basis..thanks sir...bharat mata ki jay 
0 0 Dear sir, Thanks to providing better today & better India. Sir, can we start on account, where we deposit some amount for purchase of latest technology, weapons, missiles etc instruments for Indian army & navy. Also we used for Indian debt to down it. I am ready to pay my one month salary. Also we contribute by additional tax. but we require all transactions details openly and securely by online. Without any corruption and fraud. Thanks for give this opportunity & listen to us. 
0 0 To, The Honorable Prime Minister of India Greetings Firstly, we wish you a 70th Happy Independence day on behalf of our Telugu people.Your call to the whole nation for giving their ideas regarding your speech on the occasion of 70th Independence Day, is really appreciable. So, i would like to brief my opinions and ideas about the same through attached file. REGARDS G.SRIKANTH KAKINADA CITY ANDHRA PRADESH INDIA-533002 
0 0 India has 10 % professionals eg Engineers , Doctors above 60 who can contribute and ready to volunteer for Vikaas .Pl consider as below 1. Portal to apply and volunteer for Seniors .2 Maximize their unused potential thru Technology for Vikas in areas of their interest.3 Bring them together and interact with various Govt agencies.4 Develop Apps to implement approved plans.5 Make India Corruption Free by giving them approach to Top officials to share ideas . I AM IITB Aluminus Volunteering now 
0 0 Respected sir Main apko delhi ke Un areas ki taraf dhyan aakarshit karna chahti hun jinme har taraf crime hai jaise shahdara ke paas nand nagri,sundar nagri jaise areas..sir yahan jua,sharab,satta,chori jaise har crime h aur in crimes me police bhi unka sath deti hai jisse yahan rehne wale honest logon ki zindgi bekar ho gai h...sir please I request you in areas ke liye kuch kijiye 
0 0 Sir, It was nice to see a Railway minster talked about On-Time-Running of train in his railway budget. The new government has already started talking about the system efficiency. Let us give it a big boost. Being from the manufacturing industry, I understand the importance of improved efficiency. Let us teach people more on this, for example, following traffic rules will not only improve safety, it would reduce fuel cost. A significant improvement will be gained if we follow discipline. Thanks! 
0 0 Dear sir, I want to give a suggestion but i am sure wont take it. But as citizen its my responsibility to express my views and give suggestion. The meaning of independence in democratic country is rights for all. But in india , i one of the person who feels its not happening. I can give many examples on it. But one major thing is about LGBT rights. Section 377 making many criminals for their biological needs. I hope you mention for their basic rights in speach and protect human rights. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister pls launch innovation related  channel in tht channel we help people who want be an scientist ..so thnk u.. 
0 0 प्रधान मंत्री जी । कृपया इसे सुनिश्चित करें कि कोई भी राजनैतिक दल का सांसद , विधायक या नेता किसी भी महिला के लिए अपमान जनक बयान देता है तो उसे चुनाव लड़ने का अधिकार नहीं होगा । स्त्री के सम्मान की रक्षा करें ।तब ही तो पढ़ेंगी बेटियां ,आगे बढ़ेंगी बेटियां । आप से निवेदन है ये सुझाव चुनाव आयोग को प्रेषित करने की कृपा करें । 
0 0 sir me apse primary school ki dasha ke bare me bata ri hu waha baccho ke future ke sath khilwad ho ra he koi padai ni koi mid day meal ni sirf teacher moti salry le re he koi farge ni nibha re he un baccho ke maa bap educated ni hote he wo jab baccho ko school ni jate dhekege to use kam me lagayege or is tare wo baccha apradh ki or age badega aap siksha ke imp ko jante he lakin ye shiksha ka majak bana re he apni duty ni kr re he aap khud sochiye kya ye apne bacche ke sath asa kr re he nhi . 
0 0 Bar code dustbin  for  swachh bharat this will encurage  people to put their waste material. 
0 0 Pl.sir gave tough message to Pakistan that if they don't stop terrorism in j&k then only 1answer is war and remember  that no indian want war but when it comes to self respect then we can teach toughest lesson to them. 
0 0 Respected sir today lots of food grains are lost due to improper food storage space and management. On the other hand millions of Indians are not able to get a normal healthy food meals. Sir like your other initiative please do something for this. Canteen food like Amma canteen in Chennai must be opened in India. Sir another point is I have received the appreciation letter from you in my name for giving up the gas subsidies in the same way please reward people respecting the laws and pay taxes. 
0 0 One of the very important initiative that needs your utmost attention is the safety of women and girls in India. This cannot be second to none. In the interest of the Nation you need to declare it a thrust area to improve the situation! This will definitely be socio-political necessity too! I have a very effective initiative and can share with you whenever you can attend to it! 
0 0 देश को जब तक समानता नहीं मिलेगी, तब तक हमारा भारत महान नहीं बन सकता, एक एक व्यक्ति को सोचनी होगी , एक एक व्यक्ति के विकास के बारे में  मैं नहीं मानता कि हमारा भारत मानवता से मानवता को जोड़ रहा है , इंसान का इंसान से हो भाई चारा यही पैगाम हमारा , मैं नरेंद्र दामोदर दास मोदी आज सम्पूर्ण भारत को विश्वास दिलाता हूँ मैं आपके साथ हूँ आइये हम भारत को एक सुदृढ़ और सवल राष्ट्र के निर्माण में लग जाएँ, मैं चाहूँगा प्रत्येक राज्य सामाजिक कल्याण कोषांग बनाएं और हर शिकायत पर एक हप्ते के अन्दर निवारण करे. 
0 0 నమస్కారములు, మొదట మాకు ఈ అవకాశం ఇచ్చినందుకు మీకు హృదయపూర్వక కృతజ్ఞతలు. సార్! దయచేసి మీ ఉపన్యాసములో ఈ క్రింది విశయాలను గురించి కూడా చర్చిస్తే బాగుంటుందని నా భావన 1) చాల మంది ప్రభుత్వ ఉధ్యోగులు (ముఖ్యంగా ప్రభుత్వ ఉపద్యాయులు)  తమ పిల్లలను  ప్రభుత్వ పాఠశాలల్లో కాకుండా, ప్రైవేట్ పాఠశాలల్లో చదివించడం జరుగుతుంది.దీనిని నిరోదించి ప్రభ్యుత ఉధ్యోగులు తమ పిల్లలను గవర్నమెంట్ స్కుల్స్ కి పంపితే బాగుంటుందని నా బావన. 
0 0 Dear Shri PM Modiji, I saw Indian news channels reported quoting you saying that 'PoK belongs to Jammu and Kashmir' as a message conveying to our neighbors and the world. I feel you should have quoted further to clarify 'and Jammu and Kashmir in its entirety is part of India and belongs to India' I think your statement limits to lots of vagueness for interpretation by all parties concerned. They need to get clear message without any ambiguance. Thank you. 
1 0 Respected Sir, I have to say that the five day week working is not suitable for our country as we have many holidays and if one holiday happens to be near weekend or in the beginning, there is a temptation to add one or two casual leaves and go away. This hampers public work as well as puts load on transportation system. LONGER OFFICE HOURS HAS NOT WORKED. I therefore submit that SIX DAY WEEK WITH SECOND SATURDAY EVERY MONTH OFF SHOULD BE ADOPTED AGAIN. 
0 0 congrats for your great work! Many IT people want to teach the school students, they also want to contributes his/her knowledge, but there is no platform to enroll themselves to schedule the classes of any gov. school or private school. 
0 0 Sir, please  emphasise on talent based education and assistance to economically weak sections of society and not based on caste. While every person who needs assistance should look up to the government, the criteria should be merit cum means and not caste. Sir, this will set india on a course to achieve by merit, value by quality and excel  through perseverance. Govt assistance will reach the needy and weed out wasted consumption by those who don't deserve. May be its another form of -give it up 
0 0 Hon' Prime Minister,as a student,I fell may emphasis has been should be further laid on the present state of the education system.As we are taught in upper-primary classes that all three academic streams i.e. Science,commerce and humanities have immense potential to open new doors for it's students.However,my experience suggests that the stream system prevalent in our education system bias against the divergent personalities of students.We arts students face harsh remarks for our choices.Why? 
0 0 1. Start with Pradhan Sevak as you did last time. 2. Stopping Child labor and educating each child. 3. more secured outfits to soldiers 4. How of people of nation should take responsibility 5. How to achieve no reservation in education 6. How media could be more sensitive towards news than TRP 7. Visibility for next 1 year 
0 0 Respected PM MODI JI,I would like to express my view that the study are going on in our schools and colleges are not much good and the students of science and technology sector do not get the facilities of laboratory and experimental things.Please do the best for our country's students! 
1 0 Dear sir, One of the most undesirable issue in our country even after 60 years of independence is the practice of "Begging". Our country's image is being diminished in front of tourist by these people. Majority of theme are forced into begging by a network of goons, please consider these ideas to eradicate begging: 1.Make begging a criminal act 2.Imprisonment up to 3 months where they can be given training to earn a living 3.Provide rehabilitation center for victims of forced begging. 
0 0 1. PLEASE RENAME KASHMIR AS  Shri Mahatma Gandhi Nagar in short M G Nagar. To command 70th independence point of view this rename would diffuse too much tension. It's nothing wrong in renaming because our beloved leader Shri Mahatma Gandhi brought independence hence it make sense to rename. All issues tension would brought down from 50000 feet to 500 ft by renaming...........Best 
0 0 Honorable PM, This independence day, you should speak about how in 1947, Indian Govt. got political independence from British control but even now, the common Indian citizens, startups and businesses still lack economic independence due to regressive and excessive amount of rules, regulations and complex laws which hamper development in many indirect ways. I want you to re-chant the slogan - "Minimum Government, Maximum Governance" from the Red Fort and ensure its speedy implementation. 
0 0 Sirji , Request you to address about farming,farmers and unorganized employment sectors. 
0 0 Sir, Please put your views about the reservation for economically backward vs socially backward classes. 
0 0 Sir, Formulate a policy for fresh youth to participate  in e-tendering and the condition should not be critical( experience certificate and turn over) 
1 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी "कुपोषित बालक भारत छोडो अभियान"कि और देखा जाये तो भारत में कुपोषित बालक को कि संख्या दिन ब दिन बढ रही है। इस लिये जनता को बडी कठीणयोका सामना कारणा पड रहा है। क्योकी पूर्ण चिकित्सा,पूर्णकालीत आराम,स्वस्थ आहार होणे के बावजुद भी कुपोषित बालक होते है।इस लिये नाथ संप्रदाय मंडल, संस्था ने कुपोषित बालक क्यों होते है । इस  पर ४० साल से शाश्त्रोक्त शिवसरोदय कि माध्यम से अध्ययन कर संशोधन किया है ।अगर सरकार इस अभियानपर ध्यान दे तो भारत कुपोषित मुक्त हो सकता है| संपर्क ९९७५१७२३२४.. 
0 0 The Benefit of giving up Lpg subsidy for a particular booking by that person should be going to help that area / town / city schools and Dist hospitals. Govt should transfer subsidy half  to school and half to hospitals accounts. Govt should made every school and hospital's website and have option for donations for it open to public. Public should realised these are temples and mosques where our children get new life. This should really helps in improving there conditions. 
0 0 MANNIY MODI SAHEB HAMARA SUGGESTION INDEPENDECE DAY 2016 KE LIYE HAMARE ALL INDIA KE KAFI BANK ATM KE PASSE HARROJ LAKHO SANKHYA ME AAM JANTA KI BIKE/GADIYA TRAFIK POLICE NOPARKINGME BIKE/GADI PARK KIYAHE KAHKE UTHA LE JATE HE JIS SE AAM JANTA KO BAHOT PARESANI HOTI HE HAME AAPSE SUGGESTION HI KI ES BAREME SOCHE AUR INDIAKE SABHI BANK ATMKE PAAS THODISI JAGA PARKING KE LIYE JAHER KARE YAFIR BANK ATM KE LIYE VAHA PARMISION DO JAHA ATM KE PASS THIDISI PARKING KI SUVIDHA HO JAY HIND JAY BHARAT 
1 0 आप लालकिले से वैसे लोगों को संदेश दे जो महिलाओं के प्रति ओछि सोच रखते हैं। आज हमारे देश में दुष्कर्म जैसी घटनाएँ बढ़ रही है। अब तो यह हर रोज़ की बात हो गई है, प्रतिदिन की खबर। शर्म आनी चाहिए ऐसे पुरुषों को जो कि पुरुष तो क्या इंसान कहलाने के लायक भी नहीं है। लोगों से अपील करें कि वे ऐसी घटनाओं को बढ़ावा न दें तथा बढ़ने से रोके भी। Please sir, it's a humble request. ये बात आप जरूर कहें यह मेरी आपसे हाथ जोड़कर प्रार्थना हैं। 
0 0 I want to say about education one nation one education to all. 
0 0 the swachhatha abhiyan has prove to be a flop. if each minister and member of parliament take keen interest and do surprise visits to their area it will prove a great success. 
0 0 1.Please consider integrated Health Insurance scheme for All ages who are not covered otherwise including those who have precondition like Diabetes and Heart disease, 2 I am heart attack survivor and trust that Ayurveda has helped me big way.My life mission is SAVE MILLION HEARTS . 3 Life style changes can even reverse heart disease .Walking for 30 minutes before breakfast Yoga , Meditation has done this miracle . 4 Request your announcing and starting yourself WALK INDIA WAKE INDIA Movement 
0 0 Sir,aaj bhi log road accidents hone par help ke liye Kisi fear ke Karan nhi aate hai.please kuch aisa kijiye jisse fearless ke saath help ke liye aage aaye. 
0 0 Namaskar Pradhan Mantri ji, It's a great opportunity for this great country to have a Prime minister like you. You did and are doing lot of things for the development. These all things will change the scenario. But these efforts may work fully if the people are developed by their inner self. Self or Behavioural development in our people is necessary to get the full worth of all govt. Made schemes. So, please include the self development topic in the upcoming speech. 
0 0 Sir I would like you to ensure food safety in our country by strictly enforcing FSSAI standards even for foods manufactured in cottage industry level. This would provide sufficient nutrition to the citizens to ensure their healthy upbringing. This will make strong athlete,intelligent scientists,hardworking farmers. Over increase human resource. 
0 0 Sir Please take action 15 aug speech city you ready for samart as today we our body pressure  urine pass in market full rush road due no place for urine pass please complasry every commercial shop office in  toilet our yearly income 8 lakh above rented shop but shop owner not allowed toilet as pressure go to road 
0 0 Respected Sir One Think I forget to Say Sir please make Glass Bridges in Tourist Places like china to Encourage the tourist spot like Ooty Kodaikanal Courtallam & some more Places like this to get INCOME For Government 
0 0 Give a strong warning to the Pakistan and extend the support for Balochistan, Deploy Retired army officials in POK area, may be this workout for the POK. 
0 0 Congrats for your great work! As every day we are watching TV news and few channels are spreading wrong news which impacting counter's reputation in the world as well as social structure of our country, Even gov. know's that but why those are not prohibiting? we have freedom of speech but it's don't mean, we should speak anything, anywhere without any responsibility. some guideline should be there. 
0 0 Sir, Mere khayaal se aapko sabse pehle pure deshwasiyon ko ek hone ko bolen taki wo is jaat paat ki bimari se door ho kar is bharat varsh ki tarraki k bare me soche… Vikash ka matlab gaon ka shehikaran krna nhi hota balki khethi ke naye tariko ko apna kar jyada se jyada fasal upjana bhi Vikash hota hia, ye bhi aapke bhasan me hona chahiye jis se hamare kisano ko fayda ho. Gussa, Nafrat ko bhul kar pyar ko badhayen. 
0 0 Jai Hind Sir....pl.prepare programme for waste (garbage) management.i.e. from garbage..electricity,fertiliser etc. futher ask petro companies to supply lpg in safety cylinders.accident due to leakage is very high and also ask the local bodies/state govt. for public toilets..thanks sir 
0 0 Dear Sir, Insufficient physical activity is a key risk factor for several Non-Communicable Diseases (NCDs), and disproportionately affects developing countries. Several studies have shown the multiple health benefits of walking- helps lose weight; reduces risk of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, dementia, arthritis, some cancers, depression; etc. It is free, can be done by almost everyone, anywhere. Please ask people to walk for at least 30 minutes everyday. This will help control NCDs. 
0 0 TODAY'S CHILDREN AND YOUTH ARE INDIA OF 21 CENTURY.THEIR THINKING AND VISION FOR INDIA TODAY AND TOMORROW.HOW THEY SHOULD DEVELOP THEMSELVES AS ENLIGHTENED CITIZENS OF A FREE NATION TO SERVE THEMSELVES AND THE NATION. 
0 0 Namast Modi Ji want to hilight two key points A.Sawatch Bhart Abhiyan Should be part of Educatio since Childhood,I feel bad when  kids do the litter unknowingly. this is the only way to make real success of swatch bharat abhiyan B.Help the families of Army Martyrs : LIke me lot of people want to donate for families f Army martyrs , there is lot of NGO , but its very hard to trust same,as fraud happening .. can GOV Initate Donation Fund Option, so we can easly donate without fear. 
0 0 Hi sir, I request you to emphasise on Traffic rules and accident,please create huge awareness to the public about traffic laws must be followed . All the government services and servant should have fear about their work before they ask bribe.our laws need to enhanced keep more stronger. 
0 0 நதிநீர் இணைப்பு எப்போது கொண்டு வருவீர்கள் என்பது பற்றி பேசவும் 
0 0 Modi Ji, For national sports welfare & players motivation, We should take the benefit of experienced retired national level players like Kapil Dev & Sachin Tendulkar's. As the some post in Sports Ministry, they'll prove better advisers for ministry & your good self even, definetly our score of Medals come up. 
0 0 माननीय मोदी जी। मेंरा आप से निवेदन है जो भी फार्म आते है वो हमारी मात्र् भाषा मे होना चाहिए। 
0 0 Continue --बेटी बचाओ, बेटी पढ़ाओ” बेटीवाले- this to be given for parents who has supported their girl child to come their dream true. 
0 0 Sir, kindly install mega plants in all major cities of India for recycling of solid waste to produce electricity / manure / natural gases etc which can be re utilized by the city otherwise collecting solid waste from one place & dumping at another is waste of energy, money & manpower all.Give it top priority to make Swachh Bharat Abhiyan a success for others to follow. 
0 0 Hon'abel P.M.ji, My humble suggestion is that kindly issue directive of each & every grievance Officer & grievance cell of  Central & state governments  to mention the  rule of law & government order  on  the bases of which decision  of  grievance has  been taken. In case not  mention rule of law & govt. order  on  the bases of which decision  of  grievance has  been taken, in that case the decision must be declared as void & the request of the grievance writer must  be accepted immediately. 
0 0 சுதந்திர தின விழாவில் தாங்கள், தமிழக அரசு பள்ளிகளில் மாணவர்கள் தாங்கள் விருப்ப பாடமாக ஹிந்தியை தேர்வு செய்து கொள்ளலாம் அல்லது தமிழகத்திலும் பொது வாக்கெடுப்பு நடத்தலாம் ஹிந்தி வேண்டுமா வேண்டாமா என்று, கர்நாடக ஆந்திராவில் இருப்பது போலவி ருப்ப பாடமாக தமிழகத்திலும் கொண்டுவரவும் 
0 0 To Make “बेटी बचाओ, बेटी पढ़ाओ” more successful. I suggest that following kind of Award to be provided on 15th August every year & their name should be announce during 15th August Speech :- 1. बेटी ऑफ़ the ईयर - This award can be given to The बेटी who has inspired India by her Great Work. Filed wise Categories can be decided to promote.2. विलेज विथ डॉटर-or Village of Daughter - This Award can be given to Villages who has the highest rate of Girl Sex ratio.3.बेटीवाले-for Parents who supported बेटी 
0 0 To The Honorable Prime minister India. Subject: - Regarding motivation for the youth of India Respected sir, kindly accept my suggestion and do the needful. suggestion letter is enclosed. Thanking you. Yours faithfully Prince Kumar 
0 0 Respected Sir, These below 10 points submitted for your kind consideration basically uplift the down trodden people dwelling in Rural Indian wherein Basic Hygiene/Health care/Nutrition/Awareness and minimum requirement of day to day life not available. We can create Organ Bank with this awareness. Create sports team for 2020 Oly by organizing Sports activities where new Gen is not getting enough Opportunities other than Mob chatting. I am sure Rural India will prove it. Jai Hind Sir. 
1 0 Sir I request you from my bottom if my heart is to please reduce the quota of SC & ST because they are getting much more opportunities from the general cast in every fieldon education system in service and in many more places so please try to reducethis quota.... we'llbe greatfull to u... 
1 0 Respected sir....first of all congratulate you for 70th independence day. Sir I am common man but dareing to make some appeal. Sir ...if it possible then on the speech of independence day you convey the massage to some citizens to keep patience. I know you are doing your best but if once you convey the massage that all the citizens should keep patience so that gov can perform its work smoothly to achivev the inclusive develoment agenda  of NDA gov.so that rumours do not spread in the country. 
1 0 Honourable Prime Minister, इस स्वतंत्रता दिवस आप देश की बेटियों और महिलाओं को यह भरोसा दिलाएं कि वे किसी भी राज्य के किसी भी प्रांत में क्यों न रहें,इस देश की नागरिक होने के कारण,वे सुरक्षित रहेंगी, तथा सम्मानपूर्वक रहेंगी। न कि डर-डर कर। डरें वे जो उनके साथ गलत करते हैं, उनकी इज्जत के साथ खिलवाड़ करते हैं। लड़कियों को यह भरोसा दिलाएं कि वे भारत जैसे महान, जगतगुरू कहलाने वाले देश में अब भी उन्हें उतना ही सम्मान मिलेगा, वे पहले भी पूजनीय थीं और अभी भी उनका वही स्थान है हमारे समाज में। 
0 0 COMMON PEOPLE'S CONCERNS ARE: INFLATION,EMPLOYMENT,SECURITY AND SAFETY AS INDIVIDUAL AND AS A NATION.CHARACTER BUILDING MAN MAKING EDUCATION HAS BEEN TAKING OVER BY MONEY MAKING EDUCATION.WHAT CAN BE DONE? NEED OF DRASTIC REFORMS ON EDUCATION AND HEALTH SECTORS.FARMERS & SOLDIERS ARE THE BACKBONE OF A FREE SELF-RELIANT NATION.APPROPRIATE FARM POLICY,TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER NEED OF THE HOUR WITH DEDICATED PROFESSIONAL SUPPORT. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I wont talk any complaints as we are entering our 70th Day of Independence. What the world is seeing now I think we are the nation which is the ray of hope with unity in diversity and what happened in Kashmir puts question mark on the same. My suggestion would be if you can speak about the issue, the people over there will feel more comfortable, if you can make promise to held talks with them that would be utterly helpful on our Great Independence Day. Your Fan 
0 0 PM sir, congratulations for your great work. Please emphasise on clean India movement to make it a mass movement. Also, announce similar initiatives for green India. Things at ground level are changing, but at very slow pace. Please enlighten us how and when macro changes would change lives of common people in a significant way. 
0 0 There are few areas for improvement. 1. Public Toilet / Urinals Conditions : Today Maintenance guy is needed for every Public Toilet / Urinals. No Water is there. Public is passing by keeping distance from it covering nose. When entering into it then it's condition allow you not  to Urinate there or urinate keeping a distance. I think situation should be pathetic in villages and small towns. 2. Public have a choice not to permanently giving up lpg subsidy but for a particular booking. 
0 0 The Govt must have a watchdog behind it.Otherwise,under the inefficient administrators can ruin the civilization.People should play the role of watchdog.For that we need a powerful institution of association of citizen. To make it workable and powerful The idea of Civil Society should be incorporated in the Constitution. Every city,sub division,police station,and special villages should have a civil society. Members should not be less than five and more than fifteen.Selected by citizen. Jai Hind 
0 0 BHARAT MATA KI JAI.. SIR , ME YE BATANA CHAHA TA HU KI HUM LOG TO INDEPENDENCE HO GAYE PER INDEPENDENCE POVERTY , POOR EDUCATION SYSTEM , UNEMPLOYMENT ,LOW THINKING ETC. SE NEHI HUE HE.MERA YE AAP KO REQUEST HE KI AAP ISS DAY PE EK THEME LUNCH KIJIE JISKA NAAM "UNITED INDIA" HO NA CHAHIYE.JISKA MATLAB SIRF TE HONA CHAHIYE KI JO BHI JISKE PASS HE WO THODA JITNA VO KARSAKTA HE DUSRE KE LIE HELP KARE.AUR GARVA SE BOLE MEIN EK INDIAN HU AUR INDIAN KO HEIP KIYA.GOVT. KA YOJANA KA BOOKLET PUBLISH HO. 
0 0 Hello Sir, Greetings of the day! PFA file of suggestions. Kindly go throught it and let me know what I can do as an individual.Also, consider the matter of basic medical facility at city hospital as a top priority. Thank you for your valuable time. Proud Indian 
0 0 Jai RaamJi ki Modiji,i Am also from Gujarat But for Job i am in kuwait last 16 Years,Ham aap ke kaam se bahut khus hai,aur aapi sab yojnao se,muje bas itna kehna hai ki aap please unlogo ko usi waqt jawab do jab wo log aap ke par juth eljaam lagate hai,bas itna hi kehna hai,Aaazadi Parw Par aap KoAur Hamare Pure BhartWasio ko Dil se Subhkamnai,Jay Bhart,Jay Jawan,Jay Kisan,Dhanyavad 
0 0 3.Sir Please make Action Sale of the Vehicles which parked in the government Offices like Collector office RTO Office&Courts Police stations 
0 0 Hello sir, Everyone talk about dalit, Muslim, terrorism,else. But no one talk BEGGARS. Why? Because they are not a voter. I hope sir you give your opinion on this point . and help them. Thank you!! 
0 0 Sir please mention about car pooling. This will reduce pollution, decrease traffic and help India's economy as we'll be importing less petroleum. Also this will save man-hours that is being wasted in traffic and help in increasing average speed of the traffic. 
0 0 आजादिके प्रति पहिले क्रांतिकारक वासुदेव बळवंत फडके और श्री विनायक दामोदर सावरकर जिंके योगदान का सन्मानपूर्वक उल्लेख किजीये. ( पहिले क्रांतिकारक वासुदेव बळवंत फडके जोन्को एडेन मे बहुत हालहाल करके ब्रिटीशोने मारा था. बल्की उनको टीबी हुवा था, ऐसे परिस्थितीमे भी उनपर बहोत अत्याचार,हालहाल कियथा उनका, इसका उल्लेख किजीये.) 
0 0 देश को जब तक समानता नहीं मिलेगी, तब तक हमारा भारत महान नहीं बन सकता, एक एक व्यक्ति को सोचनी होगी , एक एक व्यक्ति के विकास के बारे में  मैं नहीं मानता कि हमारा भारत मानवता से मानवता को जोड़ रहा है , इंसान का इंसान से हो भाई चारा यही पैगाम हमारा , मैं नरेंद्र दामोदर दास मोदी आज सम्पूर्ण भारत को विश्वास दिलाता हूँ मैं आपके साथ हूँ आइये हम भारत को एक सुदृढ़ और सवल राष्ट्र के निर्माण में लग जाएँ, मैं चाहूँगा प्रत्येक राज्य सामाजिक कल्याण कोषांग बनाएं और हर शिकायत पर एक हप्ते के अन्दर निवारण करे. 
1 0 Respected Sir im giving some following Suggestion in my View 1.Sir Change the Grievance System when we compliant against some person or offices the same copy of complaint letter goes to the same Office for En query so please change this System. 2.Sir Please Close the ATM S After 9Pm in UN Wanted interior place and opens in the Morning  6Pm to control the ATM S Robbery 3.Sir Please make Action Sale of the Vehicles which parked in the government Offices like Collector office RTO Office&Courts 
1 0 Sir The following may be considered for PM speech in a appropiate manner. 1.PM views on self styled Gau Rakshks and action on them has been widely appreciated. 2.All sections of population including Dalits will be protected at all costs. 3.BJP politicians airing views on above or related issues should be reprimandined by party or Govt. Media should be adviced to not to give undue coverage to such issues. 4.Sh Raghu Ram Rajan should be given some equivalent or higher post.Country shld use 
1 0 Respected sir,I urge you to ban the sale and production of plastic Indian flags as many a times I have seen these flags lying in trash or on roads after use.It really hurts me. 
0 0 IN GST ACT ALL THE REGISTERED PERSONS EVEN THOSE WHO ARE OPTING TO PAY TAX UNDER COMPOSITION ARE ALSO  MADE TO UP LOAD PURCHASES ALONG WITH SALES WHICH MINIMIZES THE TAX EVASION 
0 0 Today also some atrocities are happening and the free citizens have a duty to prevent that.Currupt practices are happening because of mis-information by vested interests ! People should keep their eyes and ears open to take advantage of various initiatives of Govt. Volunteers should be invited to take the message of Good governance so that people feel the difference. Primary education must be given in Mother Tongue. The Retired people should be respectfully invited to support govt programmes. 
0 0 DEAR/ RESPECTED, PM MODIJI. Govt of india has made a important scheme "Smart Village". Forteen Finance Commission has given very important to Village Panchayats, Also as per 73th Ammendments in the constitution of india 1950, Village Panchayats have given very important ROLLS. But Panchayat Members has not given separate funds for developments in their wards as like MP'S, MLA'S & MLC'S, Municipal corporators. So pl's make necessary provisions in this regard. 
1 0 Revered and Hon'ble Prime Minister of India Shrimaan Narendra Modiji, I suggest the following for the peace, progress and prosperity of India for your consideration on the eve of 7oth Independence Day. 1. Please provide incentives to at least five states of India to opt exclusively for organic farming to protect environment and health of people. 2. Please declare international child abduction in India as a cognizable criminal offence. 
0 0 Dear PM please discribe in your speech what steps government is proposing to take to reduce pendency of court cases such as appointment of judges, improving infrastructure and providing required facilities. Government can also consider of appointing honorary judges to decide certain category of cases and holding courts in evening shifts using existing infrastructure. 
0 0 8) Now Yoga to be maintained throughout the year to get result. In grass root level we need to induct this like creation of competitiveness among the people in rural India. 9) Event such as Marathon on 15th Aug/ 2nd Oct/26th Jan and hold Health Camp on these days for Senior Citizens. Sports activities will be more boasts to the young sportsmen. 10) Parallel Medical Camp on Gen, Dental and Eyes to get precautionary measures and Awareness on Organ Donation and its immortal usages to the Society 
1 0 I feel like, it would be nice to mention that 1. India is a lot cleaner than it used to be, inside-out. Internal cleansing done through yoga and meditation and external cleaning through clean environment. 2. India has become a force to be reckoned with internationally with certain aspects of our culture taking over the world. 3. Government's usage of social media is commendable. 4. The government machinery is functioning efficiently and quickly. It doesn't take months to get things done. 
0 0 Respected Thata After independence, dreams of our father of nation has been establishing so i calld u thata in fornt line... this is wonderlable thing to appreciate. N i never thougt that our India can grow like this. N I'm I frm Karnataka in davangere here u'r provided a smart city prjcr to my dist. It's wonder even though here's a problm for bus stop opposite to railway station the old age peopls r unable to stand in summer n in winter too.. can u plz see my request sir. 
0 0 Sir please appeal to all shrine board participate to run spacial trains from all India Laval and maintenance do by shrine board 
1 0 Respected PM, change the system that public servant should be punished for non performance and corruption immediately. Make citizen charter for judiciary to clear the case in time frame. 
0 0 can we use prisoners to do the swatch Bharath as well as cleaning the city. it will be two way , punishment as well as work.They also citizen of India but they are not contributing  anything for the country, and government is spending lots of money to provide security in the Jail.They are using there mind for distraction.It should be all type of the prisoners.Because now a days Jail is became park for the criminals. Why we are not using them? Please think ! 
0 0 I would like to suggest you under swach bharat abhiyan, we required first we clean to ourselve then swatch mission will completely worked accross india, our MLA is not active, he was visited before 2 month and people are requested for a dustwin i have personally mailed him and last you can surprised after call him irritate and speak word after my request once you speak it will be done no need to repeat your word. it kind of situation we never get our target. 
1 0 Sir, You should talk about the road map for students for the next 20 years. With the main aim of producing a batch of talented and world conquering geniuses. So that one day they can make India proud at international level by winning Olympics and eventually Nobel prize. To achieve this, only way is to make them strong in mathematics from childhood. A way for this can be to specialise mathematics teaching for some initial time in every year's school curriculum  (like 2-3 months) 
2 0 Dear sir. I don't know it can be helpful in speech or not but I want to talk about something. Sir law should be same for all religions. We have seen examples that people adopt islam just for 2nd marriage. If something is wrong for a person how it becomes right only by changing religion? We have seen tgat a well known politician chand muhammad cheated a lady by this method and after a week he gave her divorce. The lady had to commit suicide. This is like a rape. So change this law as soon as pos 
0 0 aazadi ke do din baad raksha bandhan hai, har behen apne bhai se gift le ki uska bhai sab ladki ko usi nazar se dekhe jaise ki wo use dekhta ho .....izzat se 
0 0 THE INDIAN FOREST SHOULD BE PRESEREVED AND NO REVENUE TARGETS SHOULD BE  GIVEN TO FOREST MINISTERS. THE MINISTRY WHICH RAISES VERY LOW REVENUE SHOULD BE GIVE PRAISED 
0 0 Alternate career is being debated as many professionals are looking for freelancing than regular employments. Trending Gig Economy as proved by Uber, AirBNB, UpWork and other global companies attract millions of Indians too. Why not India formally embrace such system and solve unemployment problem. 
0 0 Sir, Kindly ensure strict compliance/implementation/followup  of your Great Missions like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Clean Sanitation as the concerned departments i.e. Municipal Corporation are not  fairly/honestly doing their duties which results almost failure of mission. Therefore, A team of person from the society be made with fullest support by the Govt./Administration to ensure proper compliance of your missions. With warm regards CA.Raj Kumar 
0 0 Respected PM, after long time we people had got deserving PM. The scenario created by opposition & press in india recently is disturbing, i don't know how you handle it and keep calmness, focus. I think the problem lies in judiciary & law enforcement agency, political party worker are above the law & common citizen are criminal. Justice is delayed so culprit are free to do another crime without fear. No public servant is held for negligence of duty that's why the corruption is not under control. 
0 0 The nation can't be called as a Developed Nation if the people of nation are owning Cars, Developed nation is based on "How many peoples are using public transports", The people of upper and middle upper class does't feel to travel in Public Transport and It shows the Government transports are to be developed more and make the people to use more Public transports helping many problems. One more issue, Is to control the air pollution in cities so that people can feel free to walk in the cities 
0 0 Respected PM sir Pls give a call to our hard working Indian farmer who work day and might to make India food surplus. Also ask them to get insurance done for their crops. Insurance provides a shield to the farmers against natural calamities as well as insect and past problem. Thanks  Jai  Hind. Your faithfully Braj kishor yadav 
0 0 U.A.I.D. Card should be declared as a election card, ration card, nationality and citizenship. The work of so many departments will be easier and will save money and time. And for all the work that these people would work suffer. All work in a similar roof. 
0 0 Modi ji .happy Independence day..sir actually I want a uniform work code timings.weekly off for the resident doctors. Kindly do something.. Resident doctors are compromising there family life ,health everything viz..48 hr 72 hr emergency at a stretch but in return they tortured mentally ..why thre sd not be an weekly off so that they can look after there family child etc..sir do something.plz. .Dr goutam MISHRA.cuttack odisha 
0 0 Sir, Do you know that for IIT graduates there are no jobs reserved . And once they are out of IIT then even GOD does not help. Sir, our country reserves job for most lowest starta of society but forgets that the best brains are moving without a job. Why cannot Government take responsibility to offer jobs to all IIT graduates passed out in  last five years...Your leadership should also build the tip of pyramid, rather than building only the base .Do you know that the top students get into IIT. 
0 0 श्रीमंत प्रधान मंत्री महोदय आप से सविनय अनुरोध है कि हमारे देश में सड़कों पर वाहनों के हॉर्न से होने वाला कोलाहल व् ध्वनि प्रदूषण को न्यूनतम करने के लिए भारतवासियों को शिक्षित करें व् हॉर्न के ध्वनि स्तर के लिए विशेष नीति निर्धारण करें 
0 0 70% Population from Town & Villages required :- Do this fully & completely. Power Supply Electricity(20hrs) + Internet 3G BSNL = Automatic Success in Employment Generation, Manufacturing, Digital India(e-District, e-governance, e-court etc.) & Skill India. 
0 0 when you do political rallies why is the Swach Bharat Abhiyan thrown out of gear no basic facilities are available at any venue where thousands of people come including on the Independence day speech where all the forced people , young students come and face so much of trouble for lack of water, urinals .... 
0 0 "INDULGENCE IN TRUE INTERNATIONAL LIFESTYLE" IN THE INTEREST OF ECONOMIC GROWTH, TO WHAT EXTENT A FREE NATION LIKE INDIA CAN ACCEPT TO ACHIEVE SELF-RELIANCE AS AN "INTER-DEPENDENT NATION IN 21 CENTURY" AND DON'T VICTIM OF "LIFESTYLE DISEASES" ALREADY STARTED SHOWING UGLY FACES. 
0 0 Respected  Sir You are commenting promptly on any terrorist attack in Pakistan but not commenting in time on social incidents taking place in our  country which are dividing our nation. People of India wants immediate reaction from you on unwanted incidences damaging the country by political interference by various political parties. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Is it possible to start the Electrically Charged Public Buses in India at least in Metros to reduce High Pollution. Thanks and Regards, Pranab Kumar Das 
1 0 Dear PM as you know corruption is rampent in the society. Please make an appeal through your speech to all government officials not to involve in corruption and also to all heads of concerned departments to make sure that none of the officer working in his department is involved in corruption. All the officers should work sincerely, honestly and without any ulterior motive and ill will. Please also state emphatically that they will be accountable for any sort of harassment caused to any body. 
1 0 The sports known to India is just cricket than why make mockery in the Olympics kind of platforms why are we having such poor standard of training in any other sports cant we produce quality sportsmen / women... 
1 0 Pl request the people across the world to respect soldiers and martyrs , film actors and politicians Birthdays , marriages engagements & marriages, get high people media attentions , non body remembers the sacrifices of security forces , this not correct . Kindly speak and request our country men give some respect to our security men . 
0 1 No new promises please!! 
0 0 points to cover 8. NGOs  another HOAX  , there work  should be regulated monitored weather they really do the intented  ,  not just regulate there accounts/money, work score to be given for every NGO , if its below  SHUT IT or merge 9. EDUCATION  in bad shape  school edu getting costly, NO fees shld be above 25k annually all inclusive if they charge so TAKEOVER THE LAND and SCHOOL from mgmt FORCEFULLY , and RUN the school with gov teachers  and contractual mgmt 10. REAL ESATE HIGH 11. 12. 
0 0 dear nationalist prime minister sir, also one smartest solution of ending the "anti nation castism" is govt. should stop issuing caste certificates it should only issue economic status certificate and the time and manforce saved from not issuing caste certificate should be engaged in ground level veryfication of economic satatus of an individual or family, so that the benefits will reach at right place and enrich the nation,and make peoples united.enrichment of people is only solu. of castism. 
0 0 Dear Sir, I C.Adinarayana Reddy, Member of Legislative, Jammalamadugu Constituency, YSR Kadapa Dist., Andhra Pradesh, submitted that 
0 0 enhancing the quality of education in Government schools or closing them as they are in absolute pathetic conditions The Public sector which is not beneficial for the government pet projects is neglected incurring loss rather than piling up this losses why not handover to pvt sector like the Air India kind The National TV Channels  neither the entertainment nor the News is upto the mark of Pvt Channels than why incur the expenses and if not cant this be improved S 
0 0 Hi Modi Sir, My idea is related with corruption free india. 1.firstly we has to developing a jacket for our central and state government employees. 2.The jacket have the following technique . A.it should be have the small camera,speker,Gps,and other facility as required. which link should be directly connected with pmo. B.all the attendance system of employees should be connected with it c.Each and every rank officers has to wear it on his duty at any conditions 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय जी, 70 स्‍वतन्‍त्रता दिवस पर हार्दिक शुभकामनाऐं । मेरे कुछ सुझाव है जो कि संलग्‍न पीडीएफ फाईल में है । सादर । जयहिन्‍द 
1 0 5) Placing of Mobile Bio Toilet in all Competition Examination Centers one hour before examination Starts. This Facilities to both for Male and Female with Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. 6) Put Water ATM in all such places to have better feeling facilities to both Students & Parents.7) Slowly put Water ATM in all Rly Stations/Bus Terminal/Stand/Mela Ground/Public Rally and Religious Places. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, We have been a nation of Debaters for majority of years since Independence-Debating may be healthy but without Ground Implementation Accountability it yields slow results- we now have the opportunity Under Your Majority and Fine leadership to process Implementations from Start to it Intended Conclusion-Approach Changes in All Facilities and Systems From Narrow to Wider-From Small to Bigger Approach.Regards and JAI HIND. 
0 0 Dear PM, Youth easily get swayed by the thoughts and actions they use to see every now and then. Youth is same everywhere but actions are not .Try to address youth (Kashmiri especially) who due to some circumstances takes a wrong path. Address them that Patience is a very important weapon to curb their anxiety and distress.So be calm and do a duty what a youth should do i.e. a continuous effort to raise themselves toward their own betterment which indirectly will help the nation. 
0 0 happy independence day 
0 0 सर, भारत की नदियोंं को आपस मेंं जोड् दिया जाये ताकि बाढ़ को रोका जा सके 
1 0 Modi Sir.., I request you to please spend 1 day meeting atleast 2 hours with  the selected Former's and citizens of India at least every month in all states, e Mann ki baat message is not reach more people  so that if you are spend this type of meeting former's and citizens of India feels Modi is Our PM My PM 
0 0 one child is good in life . 
0 0 Respected sir Our external security systems of country is important,but internal security system affects individual to large population in each and every part of country.How to make them corruption free and effective judgement system within time frame.its important for the safety for every individual also subject of discussion. Thank you 
0 0 1-Terrorism/Nexalism 2-Accountiblities of public servants and public representatives 3- One syllabus for school education and govt.schools should be promoted and compulsory admission for govt employees and representatives' wards 4- Promoting communial Harmony and Moral Meters 
1 0 1. To Promote Tourism in our Country, You should give emphasis on Tourism and Hospitality Education. 2. In Varanasi The Tourists arrival should be given importance. Some Direct International Flights should be given priority when landing  varanasi and a suitable concession should be given to both Hotels and Tourists. 3. Eradication of Poverty with the help of more Scholarships to students  for education. 4. 2 daughters of parent should be given reward to popularize girl child free education. 
0 0 I, my friends, associates, relatives, neighbours and colleagues think that your government has neither done anything against corruption much less even saying in public so but has mocked the voting public for you on this issue. To be sure, we all will not vote and support for you if you do not handle this issue immediately and rather join the political party of Sh.Prashant Bhushan, Advocate to defeat all on this issue. 
0 0 Respected PM, I would like to bring to your notice that bathroom facilities at railway stations are either not available or if available it is not clean...As part of the swach bharath yojana bathroom facilities at all the railway station to be installed/constructed and well maintained. Mainly ladies and older ladies and disabled people have problem if not available and sometimes at certain railway station it is available but not in the usable form. Railways need to act on this issue. 
0 0 Prime Minister Sir, I have point to be expressed by you while addressing the nation on 15 august is to make people more responsible citizen in order to make obedient society. Our freedom is most precious gift given by our ancestors. But today people are using there freedom to hurt somebody else. we should prove humanity tothe people who are walking crossing the road giving them priority to use the road first and then crossing the car. this will make positive impact on under privileged public. 
0 0 Sir, To boost coal production, we need not to give the coal mines to private sector. A Society to be formed who are retired from the Coal Industry and on trial basis one or two mines be given to them to run coal production under the guidance of the Government or Coal India Limited. In my opinion, with their vast experience they can produce more coal with consolidated pay. Thereby Govt. can earn more profits. 
1 0 Dear sir i would like to say that in this year INDEPENDENCE speech you must focus  on sustainable development and the contribution of our Defence forces toward our country JAI HIND 
0 0 As you Just say people to give their gas subsidy and no of people give Same way told to people save electricity. 
0 0 kindly correct' appeal' instead of appear in  my previous write up in line 4 and  6 
0 0 And swach Bharath has become a photo shoot programme for leaders.  So take necessary steps for implementation of swach bharath 
0 0 Respected PM, I request you speak about people coming forward and become good sports personnel , pl support them with government schemes and support them jobs respect them as individual , think of an non political academy, nurturing sports people by hiring international best coaches , in the next 10 years, we should stand at least top 10 Olympic medal winning nation . 
0 0 most of the Villages or Thands has face more problem with drinking water in the last 2 years they are not clean water tank we made some snake or birds particles in that water so i suggest to Modi Sir. Please Suggest the Govt to Clean Water tanks Every month of the first week so that we can decrease more cases about health... Thank you for giving this wonderful Opportunity Vijay Kumar 
0 0 Honourable PM, We people at our level are not seeing that much change. Yes, it will require some time. But there are positive signs. But what changes the government at its level is seeing? Also address the people of India about their responsibilities for the nation. Thank you. All the best. 
0 0 3) This PPP/SHG model will be more beneficial to our requirement as this is empower women to getting their Job Prospect and more on their Hygienic condition. 4) We can flow these to open Market for Lower Middle and Middle Class with low price say Rs. 5 per 4 pcs pack. It will boast up the market as this is competitive to running Brands available in the Market. Existing Brand may be roped into for making this particular Brand. Some of our domestic brands are competitive and Biodegradable. 
0 0 My humble suggestion to emphasize on one Nation one people. Unity in diversity is strength of India.  Concrete and serious actions against people who try to create division. Educate children from primary school about all religion so they can grow up as a compassionate and tolerant individual. Ignorance or misinformation could be the cause of growing dissatisfaction. Jai Hind 
0 0 PM must advise state to stop giving licence to cow vigilantes which is against the PM statement 
0 0 Dear PM, Salute to you for your unconditional work for the nation. I would love if you really put some light for women empowerment and get more business approach towards female and specially to mothers, who left job because of child. Being in Biotechnology field I really feel suffocation as all ways are closed because of a child. I would be thank full to you if you put these thoughts in lights. Some industries are not even in favor of taking female employee.Please help in this segment. 
0 0 Respected  sir, lot of money coins are being wasted by people particularly Hindus by throwing in  to rivers when they travel by trains or  buses and crossing over bridges. Kindly appeal them not to throw money coins into rivers. For 'Swachchh Bharat' appear people to put garbage in dustbins rather than appealing for repeated cleaning by 'Zadu' Appear all banks to deposit money of people on counters rather than sending them in money deposit machines as many illiterate are harassed by that. 
0 0 OUR GREAT NATION (INDIA)BECAME "FREE" FROM BONDAGE OF FOREIGN POWER ON 15 AUGUST COINCIDING THE DAY WITH BIRTH DAY OF A FEW GREAT SOULS IN INDIA.THEY CAME INTO BONDAGE OF BODY-MIND COMPLEX TO ENCOURAGE ALREADY BONDED PEOPLE WITH FURTHER BONDAGE WITH  RULE OF FOREIGN POWER,HOW TO BE "EVER FREE""EVER PURE" AND COME INTO "EVER EXISTENCE" AS PEOPLE OF A"FREE NATION"FROM THE RULE OF FOREIGN POWER IN ALL RESPECTS BUT NOT "INDEPENDENT" BUT "INTER-DEPENDENT"AS POTENTIAL HUMAN BEINGS WITH SELF RELIANCE. 
0 0 The message is very simple, plain and straight: walk the talk or simply act....... 
0 0 Sir Ji, Please discuss about the steps you are going to take for welfare of physically challenged under Enable India Scheme. 2) Discuss how you are going to bring back black money and time frame it will take. 
0 0 PM rightly condemned the illegal activities related to cow vigilantes and the word were converted to action by the centre to state take action against all the activist. However the state government like Hryana has decided to give government licence to select activists to continue the vigilantes with ID card. This looks like giving licence to parallel government. Basically they have tweaked the PM good intention and the discrimination against the human violation will continue without abetment. 
0 0 Mr prime minister,plz make a rule for all schools to conduct various quiz, essay writing and debate painting competitions on particularly freedom struggle and independence so that every child will attend the function. even the teachers will get to know our history properly and for winners if government can give a certificate signed by you, many children will compete and also will attend the function at school and will know the history properly 
0 0 we are the cheapest country in the world from Rs. 55/- in 1947 in the first pay commission the salary has gone to Rs.2,55,000, in 7 th pay still people complain about price rise! why not of salary rise? and dont complain the Boss about low salary leave his job and find a job of better salary if you think you deserve a better salary, dont blame the BOSS. stop blaming keep working. 
0 0 Dear nationalist prime minister sir, we all have abundant blessings of our motherland, " Maa Bharti has given all of its natural wealth to us. But what we gave in return is all types off pollutions. On this Independence day shall we gift our mother land (our home, school, office) only two plants to filter our motherland's breathe just like we have two lungs.. i think it is a easiest way to serve our motherland. " jai maa bharati" 
0 0 If we install solar panels along the rail way lines, the power produced can be utilized to electric trains without transmission losses any more. The Indian Railways shall be benefitted at large by doing this task. 
0 0 #हर_घर_हर_आंगन_तुलसी लगाइये, पानी देने के बहाने ही सही हम अपनी भारतीय संस्कृति को जिंदा तो रख सकते हैं.. #IndependenceDay2016 #MyGov 
0 0 Jai-Jai-Siyaram !Greetings for the Independence Day !The foremost thing to be talked on the occassion should be describing about the atrocities that were sufferred by the people during the rule of foreign aggressor. We had the benefit of hearing about the atrocities from our father & uncles. But the new generation does not understand the value of Freedom and mis-uses it. You may take a few minutes of your valuable talk in describing and picturising the atrocities. This is Most Important. 
0 0 #IndependenceDay2016, #MyGov I request you to speak on issues about widows &their children's . no one can care about their life after death of husband .please include problems about widows in the independence day speech.                                                 A sad story of an unaccompanied widow who is suffering from some physically&Mentally problems and she was rehabilitated in an orphanage.she has no house. 
0 0 There are so many irregularities in food for work scheme. If we use the workers who are working under this scheme, for maintenance of saplings which are planted in several occasions, we can see our whole country with minimum forty percent of forest area. The workers also can get work for entire year. Further there may be increase in the job opportunities. 
1 0 points to cover 6. STEPS n PLAN needed  to CURB 8-10 levels of agents and wholesaler bcoz of which all products cost more, manufacturers  should directly be allowed to sell product to people/customer, now for product of 1000Rs  they have to print alabell of 4000Rs for the dealers to make profit people  get at 3800  200 offer , exageatted labell printing to be BANNED 7. Corporate CSR  is a HOAX , SCANDAL steps to curtail n check  ,they divert there profits from balance sheet or a CSR REGULATOR 
0 0 बैटरी से चलने वाली बाइक बनाना का आइडिया है, जिसकी रफ्तार 100 किलोमीटर से अधिक हो सकती है, यह आइडिया मै आपके साथ शेयर कर सकता हूं, जिससे पूरे देश पेट्रोल की खपत लगभग 25 फीसदी रह जाएगी, विदेश से पेट्रोल का आयात घटेगा, आम आदमी को इसका सबसे ज्यादा फायदा होगा, और कम से कम 2500 रुपए प्रतिमाह बचेगा, जिससे वह यह रकम अपने अन्य कामों में ला सकता है 
0 0 Respected Modi ji I have a road map for transforming the Indian citizen from the mind set of corruption The concept is that every citizen from any socioeconomic bachround has a dream to provide best education to their kids and having a dream to enroll in best convenient school. To full feel his dream In order he needs lots of money which 90% citizens can't afford and this novel cause insist them to become the corrupt person. For comprehensive education policy, I am having the roadmap. 
0 0 If we lay one water  pipe line for every state  from Rishikesh to South India via Uttarakand,Himachal Pradesh,Panjab,Haryana,Rajasthan,Gujarath,Maharastra,Karnataka,Kerala and Tamilnadu all our people shall drink the Ganga water every day. There shall not be drinking water problem in Latur, Maharastra state and also all over India. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sahab, After Independence, India has got a credible PM. During your election manifesto you promised good governance. But after two year of ruling this could achieved only 20%. More stringent action is required to 100% in some Sectors, like Coal. The people sitting at top level are not doing well. Discipline actions are not being taken to the delinquent officials who are involved in conduct and discipline rules and last but not lease who are not disposing off files. 
0 0 #हर_घर_हर_आंगन_तुलसी लगाइये, पानी देने के बहाने ही सही हम अपनी संस्कृति को जिंदा तो रख सकते हैं.. #IndependenceDay2016 #MyGov 
2 0 Dear PM sir if there is any crime, any fight or any dispute between two persons or two groups and one of those persons or groups belong to lower cast, all the media gives it colour of DALIT UTPEEDAN. This starts all cheap politics and unwanted hatred in upper and lower casts. Please ask media not to give the colour of castism to every incident. There is no need to mention the cast or religion in every incident. Why people should be interested in their cast. A crime is a crime  on any caste. 
0 0 wish all people Independence day for respected Primeministerji 
0 0 Dear modiji, You can addressed young researchers by sharing that gujarati girl student from SVNIT surat whose parents are illiterate got young scientist award, so anyone can do innovation for our society and country. So students will inspire and for that I have attached image for proof. Sir try to introduce scholarship and financial help for post graduate in engineering for master and phd courses. So student will be a part of research era. 
0 0 Almost all the official work will be done through online, in any bribe case the guilty will be suspended immediately (including any leader or minister). There will be complaint boxes everywhere, phone no. and mail ids to complain and an agency will closely monitor the same.  Only declaration of a policy is nothing if every rural people are not aware about it, its needs to inform or teach and implement so that actual people get the benefits of policies and not the fraud people make people fool. 
0 0 On observation it is found that so many toilets are not maintained in primary, upper primary, high schools. Hence it is need to form a special organization for maintenance of toilets in schools, colleges, government hospitals, government offices there by we can create more jobs and we can see maximum results  with respect to clean India. 
0 0 respected sir thanks for participating me . i just suggest for carrption in india . sir u take just 3 step to end that 1.just take more punishment for that 2.dont do the bell for that 3.in all kind of case do thee judgment in maximum 6 mouth. plz. kindly consider my suggestion 
0 0 Jai Hind or Bharat Mata Ki Jai Dear PM sir I would like to draw your attention towards contract employees working in various department. All contract employees give their 100% efforts 100% dedication of their work but they are not got good salary. So please announce same work same salary for contract employees. I know that you're doing work on this topic but I want to you put this problem in front of public on independence day Thanking you Jai Hind Jai Bharat 
0 0 Sir, We would like to share our views regarding unauthorised running of various NGOs under different ministry at village level. We have come across some NGOs run by few group of people who are misleading Govt.fund and running fake NGOs for Gaushala. They have no proper set up like Infrastructure against which they are taking huge Govt.funding. Likewise few NGOs are running under Animal Welfare Board Of India at Allahabad .We therefore request PMO to make a strict policy for NGOs working in India 
0 0 1. At first we target 49% of our Society i.e. Women in Particular. Toilets are in place all over Schools/Colleges in India under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Now put some Sanitary Pads into these Schools under the supervision of Lady Principal/Teacher for Emergency purposes. 2. In the 2nd phase push these into PDS System and supply only to BPL Family on Free of Cost as per eligible/effective strength. This required funds but no one will be Opposing as it is sensitive issue made thru PPP model or SHG. 
0 0 To attract children for education a stipend can be credited to the account directly which can be increased based on education level, sex, economic slabs & efficiency. Govt. schools needs to be increased & modernized in terms of building, teacher etc. with non-profit fees. A big volume of employment can be generated in this sector. Where there is school building can’t be constructed, shift schooling can be done. Edu system required to be modified so that life and human values reflect in society 
0 0 hindi ko har jagah lagoo krwaye apni matra bhasha ke bgair koi desh tarakki nhi kr sakta China ko hi dekh le....waha chini language chalti hai.. 
0 0 Dear Sir, in this independence day we decide to make medical colleges in our country as per requirements ...now in these days due to insufficient numbers of doctors all people facing several type of problems....in medical & pharma sectors a lot of margin gap on MRP & BASIC VALUE....this is our country loss.due to setting of some doctors & pharma companies ..... BECAUSE 'THE HEALTHY PEOPLE MAKE HEALTHY NATION' 
0 0 Sir...kindly make a scheme in which the person who pays incone tax above certain limit like 1.00 lac or 2.oo lac to govt will get some priorities in government offices just like banks give some previliges to its high worth customers.They will be given special previliges for railway tickets or for passport offices.These are the examples This step will definitely be helpful in encouraging people to pay the taxes. 
0 0 Sir i would like to suggest you to speech on our fundamental rights, some open category poor students facing problems in education & government jobs due to Reservation acts.... 
0 0 poor students are unable to take the higher education like engineering because of college fees especially open category students  they have a lot of  fees up to one lac Rs. and cast students have only two to three thousand rupees fee. So I request you that please make equal rule to all. or gave reservation to Maratha students sir please listen we are facing a lot problem for paying fees o that some of my friends unable to take education. Thank you 
0 0 Dear PM, Since we all know this season monsoon is breaking all records everywhere, people in rural & even more importantly in urban areas, should learn to maintain a habit of conserving rain water, goverment should give aid & financial help to landholders/property holders for making water harvesting plant, atleast in a minimal way, collecting water from rooftop to harvest other uses of water such as gardening, washing machines, wasing utensels etc, People in northern India, dont care about RWH. 
0 0 Hello sir, Modi sir india has 1250000000 publics in that more peoples are belongs from middle class and poor family. and in that middle class people more blieve on BJP govt and modiji. Sir before collecting the tax from middle class people please improve the rural education and hospitals, if we get a better schools and hospitals in our town like private sector school and hospitals then no need vary of tax because these people wasting their money in these two fields more. 
0 0 Indian youth must ensure their participation in development of country.youth of India must be motivated on some issues by PM. please find the attachment. 
2 0 Respected Sir, I wish if you speak on promoting indian (swadeshi) products. I would like to suggest an idea to promote indian products, usually its written on product that its made in india even though its a foreign company. There should be a logo on the product which signifies that the company is in true sense an indian company and the money spend will remain in india. 
0 0 india ko bharat bnaiye katlkhane band karwaiye non veg export krna band kijiye 
0 0 Facebook 
0 0 आरोग्य और शिक्षण हर नागरिक का मुलभूत अधिकार है और सरकार कि जिम्मेदारी है. लेकीन हमारे देशमें इन क्षेत्रोमें आज जनता कि सरेआम लुटमार हो रही है. सरकारी स्कुले है लेकीन इनपर सरकार का कोई नियंत्रण नही है. इन स्कुलोमें अच्छी शिक्षा नही मिलती इस कारण लोग अपने बच्चो को प्राईवेट स्कुलो और कोचिंग क्लासेस में दाखील कर रहे है. जहापर जनता को सरेआम लुटा जाता है. सरकारी स्कुलोमें शिक्षा के दर्जामें सुधार और नियंत्रण लाने के लिये आधुनिक तंत्रज्ञान का उपयोग काफी मददगार साबित हो सकता है. 
0 0 Dear sir Our country legal process takes years to make verdict so more incident like rape and crime happening. Can we make a time bound system where depend on type of case but decision must be take within 3 years at lower court and within 5 yr at supperime court. Make the court judge accountable for that. If within that period decision not happening than it automatically goes for first track.Finally any complex case time will not exceed more than 6 years. I request you to support our court 
0 0 माँ भारती के वैभव की रक्षा हेतु खून से लथपथ होकर जो लिपट गये इस मिट्टी के आँचल से वो आजाद,बोस और भगतसिंह दफन नही हो सकते किसी इतिहास के पन्नों में वो आज भी जिंदा हैं सरहद पर खड़े हर जवान के खून में सवासौ करोड़ जनमानस के मन मन में #IndependenceDay2016, #MyGov 
1 0 I am happy that our Bharath is making lot of progress in many fields and millions of us are the reason. A country's dream cannot be achieved by politicians and bureaucrats only and it required tremendous support from its citizen. Unfortunately lot of negativism spread among us that leads to brain drain. We must do something about retaining our talents in our country and we should not export our human workforce to some other countries development. 
0 0 Health sector has not been given priority since long particularly in rural areas no doctor wants to serve in rural areas. Suggestion is engage old retired doctors who have completed their family obligations and ready to go to rural areas with provision of basic  facilities so that their expertise can be utilized. To start with doctors from age 60 to 65 years can be recruited and their term can be extended upto 70 years maximum. 
0 0 Dear Sir, in this independence day we decide to make medical colleges in our country as per requirements ...now in these days due to insufficient numbers of doctors all people facing several type of problems....in medical & pharma sectors a lot of margin gap on MRP & BASIC VALUE....this is our country loss.due to setting of some doctors & pharma companies ..... BECAUSE '' THE HEALTHY  PEOPLE MAKE HEALTHY NATION'' 
0 0 Sir independance day speech this year should have speech on promotion of games in small schools. 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, We are passing a lot of bills in parliament and subsequently converting into act but it is not implemented perfectly. As per my opinion most Important Acts is compulsory education upto tenth standard. However, after passing the act it is not properly monitored by the concerned authority and not satisfactory progress at all. Education to all is a basic need of Democratic Country and which will prosper the country's overall development. 
0 0 सरकार ऐसी चाहिये जिसमे कोई बडा न हो नाही कोई छोटा न कोई जात, पात, धर्म, रंग पर विभाजन हो  हर इन्सान एक हो और पुरा हिंदुस्तान | यहा विविधता मे एकता है और एकता मे विविधता " कोस कोस पे पाणी बदले बारा कोस पे वाणी बदले-कबीर धोहा" ये जिस तरह सही है उसी तरह हम हिंदुस्तानी है| चाहे कोई भी आये फिर वो बाहरी हो या हमारी आपसी कमजोरी हम नही हारेंगे चाहे तुफान आये, चाहे आंधी आये हम नही रुकेंगे, और इसी तरह तरक्की करेंगे | आज भी समाज विरोधी तत्व इस शांती को तोडणा चाहते है| - thenawkari.com 
0 0 Sir my MP state now known as scam state, most of the bureaucracy are involved in corruption only people faith on GOD  i requested to PM please save the MP reputation 
0 0 सर काश्मीर में जो जवान अपने प्राणो की आहूति देकर देश की ऐकता बनाऐ हुऐ है उनके लिऐ जरूर कुछ कहें 
0 0 IMHO, 1. The Seven Promises made on the Independence Day speech last year and an update. 2. India's global position and PM's visits to different countries. 3. POK and a firm statement. Provision of Development and Defence budget for the region. 4. Development agenda and milestones achieved -Railways - Power Ministries and their work. 5. Disasters and management 6. Evacuation of Indians stranded abroad. 7. Arhar Modi and production of Pulses in Mozambique planned - how UPA ruined . 
0 0 Gratuity for all.  Just like PPF, Gratuity account should be open with state bank of india. Every month 2.5% of gross salary to be deposited by the employer.   This Gratuity account amount can be  withdraw after 58 years of age. If an employee changes the job he has to give same Gratuity account number to the new employer. 
0 0 Respected Modi ji, On the eve of beloved Independence Day the Smart Village concept will be helpful for the transforming India through the better public basic free education policy and the concept is to creating the school zone  concept at Tehisil or Mandal level and to provide the transport facility of all the student so every student by school system and by this way every one can avail their fundamental right to get the better education. 
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, I am  writing you from Germany. As you know that Germany is a great country, and its success is not only because Germans are most hard working people but also honest and work voluntarily to help the society. Respectfully, I would like to give a small suggestion to you regarding voluntary participation of Indian community for the development of our country. Reteired teachers, health professionals police and army can help our society tremendously. yours faithfully 
0 0 We need to have economic slabs/IT slabs based on family income which can be revised every year to upgrade the slabs. A card like/or Aadhar will update the same which not only holds the ID proof & economic status but also works like an ATM & IT details. All subsidies of food, oil, gas, medical etc. will be based on IT slabs and not based on caste All reservation for education, job etc. will be based on these slabs. 
0 0 Sir, please do something for POK, it's not a problem it's a solution for Kashmir I hope this issue is part of your speech on 15th August... Thanks 
0 0 DearP.M....Law & order problem in Delhi NCR is getting worsened day by day. Murders, Robberies, thefts are on the increase.Being a sr.citizen, feel the greatest pinch of same as LAW & ORDER PROBLEM COMES DIRECTLY UNDER THE CENTRE....& DELHI C.M can't be blamed for this alarming situation. I fully agree & endorce that we, as Delhi citizens, are also getting inhumane & just not contributing towards this cause & also ignoring our responsibilities......*YOUR WORDS ON THE ISSUE WOULD MEAN A LOT* 
0 0 Respected sir, This rakshabandhan should be celebrated by all religion of India. Hindu Muslims should tie rakhi on each other wrist as the symbol of unity and brotherhood among Indians. As like in 1906 against the partition of Bengal. 
0 0 Honable PM we wish to speak on the problem  of the  primary School education  in all country it should be  Equally standard  in all country One Education  board shall be governed  to primary school  from  ist class  to 12th class  Private   schools  shall not be allowed  they are machines  to earned the money and harressment  of the parents .That in whole country  education shall be provided by the One Education board 
0 0 points cover 1. JOBLESSness  in MNCs  IT  Plans to revive , STOP employers from shredding / pink slips 2. AGRIFOOD grain control  , Paswan  doing  bad job , control HOARDING  , ratio  of HOARDERS  CAPTURED  negligible 3. TRAI  to  control  DTH  RATES  mobile  drops n rates 4. INTERNET should be free , satellites  send  at tax money cost 5. SECURITY TRANSACTIONS  by salaried person being used as tool by IT Officers to harass 6. STEPS needed  to CURB 8-10 levels of  agents and wholesaler 
0 0 Please announce measures taken for the promotion of agricultural sector. Need to create an app to track the implementation of the government policies on agriculture. Most of the farmers are depending on rain fed water. Lot need to be done for improving water storage and irrigation. 
0 0 Let each of us resolve on this independence day to assist at least one person below poverty line with knowledge about Government schemes concerning his/her needs. 
0 0 Independence is actually achieved through sacrificing many lives and breathes. It is everyone's duty to sacrifice something for the nation and people so to strengthen the nation in fields and walks of life,say for the overall development in green and clean anybody can contribute his share,irrespective caste or creed;an educated person can contribute for improving literacy and general awareness or as a matter of fact any government or private employee can contribute for empowerent of women a lot 
0 0 Respected PM, To scale up the role of youth in the Nation could you consider that each youth in the age group of 18 to 30 should invest one year working with an NGO in his or her hometown to be better connected with the civic issues there and make efforts to address a few of them. India cannot become a great Nation till every Indian does not own their own responsibility to make India a Great Nation. Jai Hind 
0 0 H'ble PM Sir, Namaskar, Subject: improvement of sports in India Making each Member of Parliament responsible for developing at least one sports person in his constituency, Making each a specialist of one specific sports. This will help in developing different sports based on the potential. Eg boxing in Jind, badminton in Hyderabad etc. Creating separate fund in which common man/ corporates can contribute voluntarily and this fund to be used for development of sports. 
0 0 Damyanti Badagha: If every person just try to think and act with wisdom and humanity than every problem will stop. Respect everyone, do your duties honestly, don't waste time to pull down any person and community. Focus on own duty and work to make healthy and progressive happy society and nation If we will truely adopt "vasudhev kutumbkam" and " vividhta me ekata" then surely we will make India golden bird. "Yatr naryastu pujyante,ramnte Tate devata" respect women,save girl 
1 0 प्रधानमंत्रीजी, कृपया देश से आग्रह करें कि वो सब्जी - फल खरीदते समय झोला अवश्य ले जाएँ और उसका उपयोग करें | पोलिथीन का प्रयोग ना करें बल्कि झोले का प्रयोग करें | बड़े बड़े फल और सब्जियों को पोलिथीन मे लेने की आदत छोड़ें | इससे स्वच्छ भारत भी बनेगा और गो रक्षा भी होगी | धन्यवाद 
0 0 Prof D.Venkat Reddy-NITK Respected Sir We have high regards on your programmes -planning and implementations In our country we plan many schimes required for effective implementation to reach to the users Research and development is one of the most important issue to focus our contry into developed nation Give priorties through Education sector-IITS-NITS-IIMS and insitutes to do more research schemes-for incentives-quality research publcations by Prof DVREDDY 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Sir, I would like to suggest that in our country we should have three time zones, instead of Indian Standard Time. This will help us to utilize more Sun Light resulting considerable saving in energy consumption. Once we all get acclimatized to time zones, our nation should also think of implementing concept of "DAY LIGHT SAVING". I think we can utilize more Sun Light if the above mentioned suggestions are implemented, which in turn will result in saving of electricity 
0 0 Dear P M, 300 people saved by plane crash in Dubai, which is from India (Trivandrum) to Dubai,, As I m staying in UAE, One UAE fire fighter Jassim Eissa al-Baloushi died in that incident. Please remember him. Pramod 
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Now-a-days most of the towns and cities are overcrowded with the migration of both young and old towards cities for better opportunities and facilities, causing great strain on the cities. So it is better to build SMART VILLAGES too, with sound medical facilities, uninturrupted power supply and well-connected roads so that at least the old and retired can look forward for peaceful retired life in the villages. In other words these villages should be well planned OLDAGE HOMES 
0 0 On health front best medical facilities through Govt. Hospitals free of cost to all the citizens of India above the age of 55 and where the senior citizens are compelled to get the treatment from Private Hospitals 100% subsidy should be provided to them.This is very important. Lalit Sawhney 
1 0 Sir .. our moto should be to provide everything to poor I.e. free education ,food  as early as from school time...  God has given equal mind to every single. But it's his responsibility to use the mind. And let them compete with other... Because  mind and talent are equal . The only difference is money which  is too provided by govt.. then why after all such facilities they are given reservation in marks. " ITS NOT  DALIT WHO ARE DISCRIMINATED ON THE BASIS OF CAST BUT ITS GENERALS " 
0 0 ONLINE GOVERNMENT TRANSPARENCY: Every official handling public funds must declare his budget online. He should also provide an online account of the money spent. Example 1. a Distt Collector has a budget for Rs 100 cr. He should give a brief account how much money he has spent and on what items. Example 2. A village pradhan must publish how much yearly budget he has  got and how that money is being spent on monthly basis. All information should always be available online. 
1 0 har nagrik ko doctor ki tarah hi kishan,majadur, halper,dhobi,sab ko garv ke sath apne gar ke bahar nameplate lagani chahiye .apne kam per garv hona chahiye 
0 0 Dear PM, It would be great if it is made clear your action plan of seeing India getting to developed status as a nation. We see you are in position to transform India considering education, employment, and global status. Lot of stuff has been told about where we want to go, but it would be ideal now to focus on how to get there and your 1 year plan to next step as major. 
0 0 I would like you to request you to talk about getting independence from corruption. India needs to be free of corruption. In the state of Haryana - a man cannot get a FIR registered as the police is hand and glove with the criminals. They take pride in the fact that they have power. IF a citizen is not happy in his own motherland than that is a failed  state. Education and Corruption are two opposite that should not meet but in Gurgaon the educated are criminals. Without Law - there is no future 
0 0 Strict compliance to curb Cow Slaughter and Cow protectors be praised. Retail price inflation of consumer goods be reversed SPECIALLY PULSES. VANDE MATARAM 
0 0 Respected Sriyut Modi ji, Sadar Pranam. Congratulations on the eve of Independence day and best wishes for carry out the 5000 yrs glorious history in present shape. I have a road map for transforming the Indian citizen from the mind set of corruption to the corruption free common citizens of this great Country through the education policy reforms. If I get the response from your end, will happy to share my views.Due to space limitation couldn't explain the plan 
0 0 Dear Mr. PM, this Independence Day speech should focus on role of media and how productively media as a tool can serve national interest. The subject of regularising media is important at this juncture where people of India are misled and pushed to be reformed for a hidden agenda. The hidden factors also includes foreign interest. Your independence speech should touch up on media's role in Indian democracy: 
0 0 National high Way NH-4 from Pune to Kolhapur has become death trap. It is national shame. Nobody is looking at it. lakhs of people have lost there lives. Lots of corruption has been done openly. No value for human life. Don't know whether some one will read it or not? God Bless. 
0 0 Damyanti Badagha: I suggest you to address people to not to be reactive against any danga fasaad, don't be a part of any violent Assembly etc. Also address people to do good, mankind and humble work for society and nation. If every person will do his/her duty in every area very honestly than every problem will solve and India will be the country of Peace progress and golden bird in true way 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी , देश में अनेक समस्या है और आप उन्हें एक एक करके दूर करने में जुटे भी है परन्तु एक समस्या का समाधान न पिछली सरकारों ने किया और न ही आपकी सरकार करती दिख रही है .यह समस्या दिन प्रति दिन न्यूज़ चैनलों की हाईलाइट में होती है पर कोई भी इस समस्या के लिए कठोर प्रयत्न करते नहीं दिखता है चाहे वो कोई राजनेता हो या फिर महिला या फिर महिला संघठन या फिर अन्ना हजारे जैसे समाजसेवी हो – कोई भी गंभीर नहीं है इस समस्या के समाधान के लिए . यह समस्या “बलात्कार” है . pdf mei padhiye 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, My suggestion is for two fronts to start with. First is best quality education to all the children of my country and second is best medical facilities to the senior citizens above the age of 55. All the children should be provided best quality education and it should be 100% free to the weaker section of the society and  at 50% of  cost to economically weaker persons up to class 12th. But after that only merit and no reservation. 
0 0 Respected, no need any suggestions, just follow the rules of Swamy Vivekananda (our master). 
0 0 आदरणीय आप से निवेदन हैं कि सहकारी समितियों के माध्‍यम से सारा कार्य किसानों का होता हैं, खाद बीज वितरण, नगद लेन देन , ई उपार्जन जैसे महत्‍वपूर्ण कार्य का काम PACS के माध्‍यम से होता हैं पर इन समितियों में कम्‍प्‍युटर की व्‍यवस्‍था नही हैं जिसके कारण किसानों के संदेह एवं संस्‍था में लेनदेन के समय अव्‍यवस्‍था का सामना करना पडता हैं अत श्रीमान जी से निवेदन हैं कि PACS को कम्‍प्‍युटराईजेशन करवाया जाये यहॉ कार्य सहकारिता के लिये महान उपलब्धि होगी 
0 0 salute the farmer , the biggest achievement of Independent India is we are not only self sufficient in food but donate to the needy nations. From Ist pay commission to 7th pay commission salaries have increased multi fold. But the farmer is working for almost free to feed 125 crore population. WFO warned India in 1950 1/3 of India,s population would persih out of hunger and drought in 30 years, we have made that prophesy false. Jai Kisan, dont blame others work hard , dont be greedy and be happ 
0 0 Respected Sir, I am from Mumbai. I request you to speak on three issues: 1.Road safety in India-more than a lakh people die in road accidents in India every year, the reason being rash driving, bad roads and infrastructure. 2.Improving storage facilities for the food grains. We are noticing that lot of food grain is getting spoiled due to lack of proper warehouses. 3.About the steps your govt is taking to bring back black money. People are thinking nothing is happening on this front. 
0 0 Hlo sir, mene suna or dekha h ki kashmir kitna galat kam ho RHA h kyoki Jo Kashmir m log rhte h khas kr Muslim log bo apne desh me birodhi h ye ap bi jante h isliye kyo na is masle ko khatam kiya jaye. Ab bahut ho gya 
0 0 Dear P M, We would like to do something special for sports sector, as we know we are behind in the olympic game,, we have to study how China or US is getting more Gold winners,, We have to do something special for this,, we have to give training children and promoting the skill into international level. 
2 0 Dear  sir, Herewith am sharing my idea with u that nowadays youth attracting to the foreign culture.In our country each state having different culture and traditions.as a followers we should take our traditions to next generations.its our responsibility.Just imagine if we conduct BHARATHIYA SAMPRADAYA DIVAS (NATIONAL TRADITIONAL DAY)for one or two days in year how it will be.that day every indian citizen should wear respective traditional dress. 
0 0 If the officials are not doing their work properly to helping the poors and dalits in each area we have to make a committe with help of social workers and peoples to make sure that the work is done 
0 0 Dear Mr PM, please speak about any intitative your gov is planning to take on issues of having a girl child specially in rural areas. We need strict punishment against animal cruelity like on street dogs etc but please speak for those speechless animals of our society too #MyGov #IndependenceDay2016 
0 0 Honorable PM, Today morning there was a programme in one of the leading malayalam channel about the dalits in gujarat. If the news is reliable there is no sochanalayams, no good houses and hospitals etc in that area. India got indipendence in 1947. After that so many goverments came. Your governement  also have so many development programmes. But still these poor peoples are not getting the benefits of that . We have to think about that and do the needful to solve this problems. 
0 0 Sir,There is lots of land available with railway department.Beside the railway track and near by station,lands are fertile but it's kept idel.We can use this land for plantation or doing farming work.This can be done by help of the class 4 staff of railway department by offering him intensive for plantation or partnership with local farmer.By doing this we can controll the pollution,reducing the Green house effect,even we can buy the carbon credit,generate the economy by staffand corruption is c 
0 0 Dear modiji, I am miss damyantibadagha, phd research scholar from SVNIT. I have write you that I got young scientist award and regarding that I attached document to encourage and motivate others by giving some appreciation certificate from state or central government. Anyways for your independence day speech I would like to suggest you that address our all generation/all peoples to not focused and transfer violent SMS, WhatsApp and news to disturb the peace of nation. 
0 0 Sir,As a FARMER I've following suggestion to hasten your idea of Doubling Our Income by 2022.Productivity of any crop would improve if farmers get decent profit.Profitability depends on yield increase,Cost Reduction& fair price.The 1st two depend on technology,good seed&input.The 3rd factor depends on fair Support Price.ENABLE OUR FARMERS TO BENEIFIT FROM TECHNOLOGY.FIX THE MSP PRPORTIONATE TO THE COST & ASSOCIATED RISK&UNCERTAINITIES.ADDRESS MALNUTRITION BY ENCOURAGING PULSE-GRAM REVOLUTION 
0 0 Overtime is a menace and promotes unemployment. recently the allowable OT hours are increased from 50 per quarter to 90 per quarter. It is wrong. The more important is, it should be strictly followed. Large industrial hoses as well as some PSUs are not following this strictly. They just calculate average OT per person, instead it must be per person. penalty should be ten times for not adhering to this rule for organisation. OT means snatching bread from from hungry one. 
0 0 Respected Sir, I say that in our country our  Govt. officers are not good work,and performance is not good for common people.So I want to no work nopay with daily wages basis with target basis hona hoga. 
0 0 The Honorable prime minister is doing a wonderful job in projecting India abroad. I think it is also important that India is projected to Indians so that our social leaders look at the larger and brighter picture to promote communal harmony and urge their followers to work towards stronger India rather than selfish, petty vote bank politics leading to loss of life of innocent and helpless Indians. 
0 0 Respected PM Sir, If you provide subsidy on education loan interest for those student who are actually economically backward. It is help all caste poor student to complete their higher studies and also pay bank loan.In india housing loan, car loan and personal loan interest are less than educational loan interest.Many poor student take educational loan from BANK and notable to pay the loan due to nonavailability of Job after completion their technical and non technical study.Kindly look i 
0 0 NATION BUILDING BY PEOPLE 1. Can every earning Indian contribute Rs 12 a year/ 1 Rs a month to create a people's martyr fund. From that fund every soldier who lays life for the nation will be paid Rs 10 lakh, over and above the govt funding. 2. Let every Indian must plant a tree. 3. Can every Indian take a vow not to throw rubbish on the streets. 4. Can every Indian take a vow not to use single use plastic bags. 5. lets' create a NEW PUBLIC CULTURE of Respect, Equality and Politeness. 
0 0 Vande Mataram, Hon'ble PM sir, Let me suggest one activity for school children as well as students. Our generation hardy knows about our sanvidhaan, (Indian Constituency) and the maker of our Sanvidhan Dr. B. R Ambedkar. Is it possible to implement 'Sanvidhan Parichay Yojana' or Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar jeevan parichay Yojana' in Indian schools and colleges? This campaign will help our children to know about our indian constituency. - vakolambkar@gmail.com - vksir9@gmail.com 
0 0 BECAUSE THE ''HEALTHY PEOPLE MAKE HEALTHY NATION'' THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR GIVING THIS PLATFORM . 
0 0 Dear PM Sir Hamara desh aage badh raha hai lekin moral values me geer raha hai. But rape and crime inccident is increasing day by day. 65% population of India is upto age of 35 years young people. Young generation if involved in rape crime then who is to blame ? Pl address the young generation from Red Fort and advice them not to do rape crime for the sack of Image of India and for development of healthy Indian soceity and respect to indian girls /women 
0 0 माननीयप्रधानमंत्री जी सादरनमस्कारआपनेहिंदुस्तानको एकअलगपहचानदिया यह हम सभी देश वासियों के लिये गर्वकी बात है आप जैसा तेजस्वी प्रधानमंत्री देशवासियो को पहली बार मिला जिसपे पुरे देश को नाज हैं लेकिनआपसे विनम्रप्रार्थना है जो देश में गरीबी का सिस्टम है गरीब रातो को अपनी मंज़िल ढूंढते है और वो मंज़िलबस कितनी नजदीक होती कही भी ऱोड किनारे बिना बिस्तर सो जाते है उन्हें देख कर बड़ा दुःख होता है बस आप कोई ऐशा कानून बना दे जिससे कोई गरीब रात को रोड पे ना सोये ..उन लाखो गरीबो की दुआ आपके साथ होगी 
0 0 Judiciary system is dead slow. Need to use technology to increase its speed. There is no fear in the mind of wrong door as he is knowing nothing is going to happen to him. JUSTICE DELAYED IS JUSTICE DENIED. 
0 0 We should start an e-registration of invoices or contracts(with all the terms & conditions) facility for all the buyers of Indian Products. So that, the traders cannot cheat the  buyers of other countries during high jump in prices or recession. China got itself labelled as cheaters when they sent sub-standard material to the Indian steel buyers when the prices jumped. This way, on a complaint from any foreigner; immediate action can be taken on the basis of contract and save country's image. 
0 0 India is going towards a DEVELOPED nation, but the mentality of people in India is not homogeneous, there is again a huge difference in society, if a people in politics (representing nation) is speaking irresponsible words, how one can expect from simple people. A known famous sentence is "NAR SEWA NARAYAN SEWA" , this sentence should spread as a awareness. FOR education to support SC/ST there should be a provision of seperate SC/ST University. but admission should based on rank of poor. 
0 0 Most important stap local people recruitment in cooperative houses because young person very much disturb for finding jobs. no rules follow by cooprate houses of local participation please give gift to young people on 70 indipandance day example no benifit given to Kutch area by compony to local people in job area thanks wonderfull work sir u doing we all with u Kutch always thankful to you because sining Kutch and all India after coming u thanks again Aniruudh kotak adevocate 
0 0 The way we feel sad about the crisis in Kashmir, the good well of tamil fishermen has not been noticed by the government. This one example and the overall tamil people are not given respect as a proud citizen. Not sure if the government is still waiting for the public to come to the streets like what's happening in Kashmir. Would be happy if there is a mention of protection for fishermen to start with... please consider this request 
0 1 Dear Prime Minister sir Vande Mataram im working private company sir jha india mai 7 pay lagu horha hai usko private company ke liye bhi lagu kiya jaye minimum pay scale deside krye . 
0 0 Hi PM Sir, Can you please talk about women safety, child labour, child education. Thanking you sir. 
0 0 भारत देश के ग्रामीण क्षेत्रो में बहुत धनी लोग हैं तथा बहुत से कारखाने चल रहे है जिनका कोई रजिस्ट्रेशन नहीं है ना ही वो लोग किसी प्रकार का टैक्स देते है कृपया भारतीय विकास के लिए टैक्स बसूल करे 
0 0 Our Dear Modiji, We need to focus on the following Distribution of Wealth. Have definition of 4 minimum necessities of life and plan to meet them Develop a nation where we respect each other With Best wishes, Amitrajit Sinha 
0 0 Primary education system is the basic right for the every child in the country.Regularly I travel to my office through the public transport where I get to see the two children of similar age. One is carrying book and other one is carrying the tools used for the construction sites. Whenever I see this i feel that I have to some to do something for this problem. However I’m helpless as there are millions of children still existing in the same category. 
0 0 Dear Pm, You should again vow your commitments for Swach bharat Abhiyaan. Please urge people and politicians to move over just photographs. Please call people to add sanitation as their daily habits. 2. You need to ensure the youths of this country to overcome against threats Of ISIS and ensure them of good job. 3.Request all the citizens & bureaucrats to work for the nation. The Most important , Please Call people to unite against atrocities on women.Start new campaign for women to unite 
0 0 #independenceDay2016 sir its an irony that Indian government schools are not in a very appreciable condition and due to this many children are deprived of proper primary education and it leads to uneducation. Recently I heard about some cases of suicide of girl children because their parents couldn't pay the private  school's fees and the schools were pressuring the children for the same, the case was from UP please sir contact the official and look into this matter and include it in your speech 
0 0 Sir, I would like to suggest you that regarding physiotherapist in your speech. As many of our country physiotherapist are moved from our nation to U.S, U.K, Australia, canada, Arab countries and  other places also. Some are moved and moving for job. Many are moving as immigrants. This will affect our countries brain wealth to other countries. This is the right time to talk regarding central physiotherapy council which will help our physios to stay back in India and serve to our country 
0 0 DHARMA EVA HATO HANTI DHARMO RAKSHATI RAKSHITAHA Better people of all casts, creeds, communities, religions And nationalities realize this universal principle. By harming dharma one will harm oneself. One will be protected by only protecting dharma. India has already lost lot of land to Pakistan and China. Better those countries return those lands. Kashmir is integral part of India. Better kasmiris realize this and fall in line. Ours being a democracy it is as good as self rule for them. 
0 0 Dear Sir, in this independence day we decide to make medical colleges in our country as per requirements ...now in these days due to insufficient numbers of doctors all people facing several type of problems....in medical & pharma sectors a lot of margin gap on MRP & BASIC VALUE....this is our country loss.due to setting of some doctors & pharma companies ..... 
0 0 Sir, Existing schemes launched by government are not being implemented properly and  fake data is being submitted. 
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, India is a Land of diverse people with diverse cultures and religious beliefs. But they have one thing in common. concern for one another at the grass roots level in spite of this diversity. Please do formulate policies that will highlight this strength which will unite them rather than stress the differences and create enmities. I Salute Our Great Nation. 
0 0 Greetings to My PM.Rural development may be focussed especially to farmers as the Crop Insurance is yet to get popularity.Climate vagaries and poor returns to farmers with increased input cost make the farmers sad. The disposal of cows after their productive life is also a concern.They should get respectable cost while they dispose.The unproductive cows should not be allowed to compete with productive cattle for feed as this increase the cost of maintenance. Clarity is needed. Jai Hind. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमन्त्री जी सादर प्रणाम । आतंकवाद ओर भ्रष्टाचार रूपी दानवों से हमें अन्तिम लड़ाई लड़नी होगी , सभी भारतवासियों को इसमें सहयोग करना होगा । मर जायेंगे मिट जायेंगे अपनी माँ की आन पर । दाग कोई ना लगने देगे अपनी माँ की शान पर । आतंकी को इस आँचल मे रहने अधिकार नही । मिलकर करना होगा संघर्ष किसी एक का काम नही । 
0 0 1- Each Village of INDIA have Unique Name 2- ON Electric Railway Track we Built SOLAR Systems 3- If You Charge 10000/- fine for without Insurance on Fore wheeler but this is not proper way but make a policy for insurance for 5 years at  first time compulsory 4- Post PARCEL AND CURRIER SERVICES Should be 100% Digital Jay Hind  VANDE MATRAM 
0 0 Dear MODI JI I want to draw your kind attention towards advertisement at Public Transport specially at buses. For a little money Indian roadways allowed companies & State Govt. to paste advertisement on buses which is loss &wear-tear of Public property and also a fun of swatch bharat. When state polls came you can see the condition of state buses. Eg :- Now-a-days in PUNJAB , Last year in Haryana So , Please STOP this . 
0 0 Respected PM sir, I'll like to take your attention towards the poor health conditions in rural area of India. In rural area people are unaware about there health what is good and what is bad. They go to hospital when there condition is really bad. So awareness of health ( primary prevention) specially in rural area , schools , adolescence age gp. So if like swachch bharat abhiyan , there should be one " Swasth bharat abhiyan" which include every level of society. # my gov Thank you 
0 0 Sir. Pulse crop are important for as majority are Vegetarian in Indian. I begins 2 years back a page on FB as Pulse Crops (दलहनी फासले) and its FB group as 'Pulse Crop Promotion Group'. Till today there are about 25,000 members geting information on Pulses and related issues. I would like to herewith request that Agriculture Extension Personal to be allowed officialy to use Social Media as an Extesnion Tool for benefit of farmers. 
0 0 युवावर्ग में बढ रही व्यसनाधीनता आज हमारे देश कि प्रमुख समस्या है. जीन कंधो पर देश कि बागडौर है वो आज तरह तरह कि बुरी आदतो में जखडा हुवा दिख रहा है. हर गली चौराहो पर सरेआम सरकारी मान्यतावाली दारू कि दुकाने बियर बार चलते है. उसीके बाजुमे तंबाखू, सिगारेट, गुटखा और नशीली चीजे बिकती है. थोडी दुरी पर जायेंगे तो ऑनलाईन लॉटरी कि दुकाने दिखती है. इन दुकानो में सरकार कि मान्यता के नाम पर जुआ, वरली मटका जैसे अनेक ऑनलाईन गैरकानुनी धंदे चलते है. युवावर्ग इनकी सबसे बडी शिकार है. ये सब तुरंत बंद होना जरुरी है 
0 0 DEAR PRIME MINISTER SIR, Please open saprate sport university to graduate in sport and chance to development in sport person.With the help of saprate university student attract to sport and grow our value in sport.with the help of saprate college various tallent will unity of my India in sport feild. 
0 0 Please appeal to parents for teaching their kids importance of Independence and about krantikaris like of Subhash Chandra and Chandra Shekhar Azad 
0 0 Health is  wealth.  Health is Happiness.  Health and hence happiness  should  be  the  Yardstick  for evaluating  the  performance  of  Government apart from  the  economic  indicators such  as inflation, GDP  and Prices of commodities. We should  aim at reducing  the  number  of  patients in  Hospitals. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir,my suggestion is we need to make Bicycle parking free at all parking places this will encourage bicyclers as it go green,good for health,and has lot of benefits, Thanks and Regards, Govindraj Ballari 
0 0 Suggestions on the revamp of the present education system are submtted in the attached file 
0 0 Respected PM, Please share road map for your government for next two years at least. And how will that help our nation? Regards, 
0 0 Jai hind sir if any person crosses red light there is a govt to look after his action but if road patch work is not done properly is there any one to look after upon him. Can't we fix responsibility upon our government employees.this is very silly question asked by me,there are thousands which people ask to themselves daily. 
0 0 Dear Narendera Modi ji, I've attached PDF document in form of suggestions! Best Regards Jaikumar 
0 0 Sir. 1. Have you ever thought of condition of generals. what Baba Saheb  suggested was " BECOME A SUPPORT FOR DALITS "  and what politics has done is they have converted dalit into handicap.. . Baba Saheb said to  put dalit forward and give opportunity and what politics did is. They suppressed generals.... What I think is  support the one who really need it.BECAUSE  POVERTY   does not challenge only dalit it also challenge generals...  Poor are not only those who beg  in trains and road side 
0 0 Dear PM, As the CEO of the country, it would be good to  state with in a few words how you plan to take India to next level focusing on the strengths of the people and country. A lot has been discussed on visionary part most of India would like to know your next set of action plans. Unlike normal politician India expects you to have a more engaging and action plan oriented talk like real leadership! 
0 0 Sir,Preference may kindly be given to the meritous candidates in each examination /entrance test of the  central govt. and all the states.When all the candidates are equal to take the examination from education side then there is no need to create the difference in categories.Due to this practice an able meritous candidate after getting the scored marks cannot avail the seat from this practice and frustration in life. 
0 0 SWACHHA ADMI  Resp. Sir                     It is needless to say that my India is corrouption growing country in the world. It  very sad for me . I am of the view - We, Indian and the representatives of people - in every lair i.e from panchayat to loksabha shall try of their best for our mother land as an humankind.It should be one touch process. I am swachha-you - your friend - his/her friend ( all concern ) by to by to whole India Thanking 
0 0 pm should discuss on the development projects which will get commissioned in the year 2016 with clear deadline. Navi mumbai airport is a long tme  discussed project, till there is no deadline 
0 0 Please speak on achievement of swachhata abhiyan 
0 0 sir indian media is doing a good job but its is sad to see how the they come up with more negative news about the country rather than showing up the positive sides and positivity around and in India. also Indian media is really lscking behind the coverage of our eastern India. i request the government to start a media channel that focus on issues regarding our eastern states. 
0 0 Sir you are doing very good work for India as a pm my humble request you to try to avoid unemployement by keeping industries from central to state.so by that somewhat we can decrease unemployement.sir please address the new things for unemployment people in this independence day...thank u sir 
0 0 Sir pranam aap desh mein bahut achcha kaam kar rahe hain mera aap se vinamra nivedan hai ki aap kashmir evm berojgari in do muddon par hi focus karein . 
0 0 Sir I would like you to speak on a big threat our country is facing-Brain drain.We always come across reports of how talented Indians are conquering the world in the field of technology & business. There are several reports suggesting that Indians dominate the technology industry of USA. Why many talented Indians migrate to the developed countries and never return their homeland? The reasons may be- lack of patriotism and faults in politics and economic system. This needs a serious attention! 
0 0 Vande Mataram. Respected PM, Most of our current population was born after independence and while we celebrate 15th Aug each year, it is treated by most of the people like only a holiday. Also, there are people/groups who are asking for so called 'independence'. So, it would be good if could please address this matter so that people can understand meaning of independence (how hard people fought for it) and also something for the people asking for further 'independence'. Jai Hind. 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, A lot has been done by your government, but please see the results on the real ground.What is reality for a common citizen? We as a citizen of Bharat (India)are not enjoying real freedom & it's benefits. Country is still running for some % of citizens, who are triky and Cunnings and used unfair means. Corrupted people are governing most of the population of the country by their own rules and regulations. Country is loosing ancient  ethics and values in daily life. 
0 0 India is popular in population growth,and unpopular in creative innovations like Games,Sports,and creative innovations.Therefore it is essential to provide all the fecilities like food, shelter, comforts and recogniation to the individuals who are dedicated their life to do single creative activity forever, for the benefit of the humanity on the earth from india. 
0 0 Honorable PM Sir, I request you to please do something for our former's. I know there has been a lot going on for them but still those are not applying on ground. If I check the reality I can say still they have to fight out to get D.A.P & N.A.P that is very initial material for fields. Same is applying to seeds etc. Please do something so that it can apply on ground level without any corruption. 
0 0 PM sir, Please add a note on proper storage system as we see tonnes of grain is wasted d due to improper storage system. Also add to it communal issues in India which is the biggest threat for our country as people are divided in casts, religion and regions. we are one i.e. only Hindustani and our identity should be the Hindustani not Hindu, Muslim etc. Education is also the major challenge for our country specially in UP & Bihar. Women security, our environment's health, all these issues. 
0 0 Am 72y9m. Servd stgov 4y2m with a stg sal  80 n 3 yly inc. Later joined navratna def pse served 35y8m(65-04)-Retired w/o pension. D downfall of int rates n multiple increase of cpi, at d fog end of life survival become miserable. Vikas ki or badne ki khwaish nahi hai. Kam se kam aam zindagee jeena to hai. Aap kya kahenge sun na chahata hoon. 
0 0 DESH KI JANTA SE YE APIL KARE KI AGAR KOYI VYAKTI SAHI KAM KARTA HAI TU USKO GALAT KARANE KI LIYE MAJBOOR NA KARE 
1 0 Dear PM Sir, It would be of great help if there are many public libraries where we can go and pick the book of our choice and read. There should be many libraries so that it is accessible to people. The libraries will help us to gain knowledge and improve skill set. Regards, Sushma 
0 0 Mr Narendra Modi is talking about Baluchistan and POK. One and only best solution for that problem is Akhand Bharat. Both India and Pakistan should unite and demolish the Vagha Border.If we can't do this simple work then we should go for plebiscite in Kashmir.Telangana and Baluchistan are having same problems and same solution is needed. 
0 0 Hon'abel P.M.ji, My humble suggestion is that kindly issue directive to each and every government/public servant of Central and states governments  to mention E-mail Id in their Official address and make the same public. each and every government/public servant of Central and states government ; must read, must acknowledge and must and decide the matter of  email sent to them  within stipulated time so that e-governance may  succeed as early as possible . Thanks. Yours sukhdev 
0 0 आदरणीय सर जैसा की हमलोग जानते है रियो ओलम्पिक अभी चल रही है और इंडिया का रैंक बहुत बुरा है. इसकी बजह बहुत है. सर आपसे मेरा अनुरोध है की इसबार लाल किले के मंच से हमारे छोटे छोटे बच्चों को बचपन से ही खेलने का प्रोत्साहन किये जाये. हमें भी चैन और अमेरिका जैसे देशो की लिस्ट मैं शामिल होते देखना चाहता हु . इसलिए सर प्लीज इसबार खेलो का प्रोत्साहन के लिए आप कुछ सब्द जरूर कहे. धन्यबाद सर एक भारतीय नागरिक 
0 0 Respected PM Shree Narendra Modiji Centre and Bjp ruled govt. announced many plans, but there is no execution. Govt. has vision and trying best result, but bureaucracy is not keen to work. Due to this file is not moving and businessman plus common man suffers... PM Should speak on this. Other issue is Black money. If govt will not take this issue seriously, it will effect common man. Due to govt stand on black money country's most of business is suffering. prakash bambhrolia mumbai 
0 0 I visited Kashmir,in the month of April2016. It's  a heave on earth.my whole family had most memorable experience there. We never felt insecure there. most of the kashimiries don't hate, India but some antisocial  miscreants creating anti Indian images to kashimiries. It's not so among ordinary ppl. Main problems kashimiries facing is unemployment,econmic insecurity,corruption.If govt address these problems they easily come back to mainstream along Indians .please assure them quality of life. 
0 0 pm mahodaya,your efforts in building a vibrant india is in right direction,but one front that is to be adressed is corruption in govt.departments at all levels,govt.employees enjoy full authority but their accountability is not fixed,they should be held accountable & responsible for non performance of their duties they should be trained to be public servants in true sense rather than becoming their masters which they presently behave. 
0 0 I pride about our Pm,we can solve all illegal activity only give through education only,kindly imposed same syllabus throughout India compulsory every child should known our Purana bhavathgeeth ,ramayana ,but now money education avail in india but life education not avail in our country,simple example +2 subject starting from 11th beginning only target want more marks and get for Doctor ,engineer but life education important please organized new syllabus throughout India our culture. 
0 0 Dear PM, As human life span is decreasing day by day from 100 years to 60-75, then why not the lifespan of education system be reduced. isn't the education system of India is too old. Need to update it 
0 0 और राज्य व देश की लिए उठ खड़ा हो और आपके साथ इस देश को नयी उचाईयो पे लेजा सके वेसे में एक बोहत ही गरीब फॅमिली से हो मेरी शिक्षा भी जयादा नहीं है में १० वि फ़ैल हो और एक MPONKINE KIOSK CENTER PAR COMPUTER OPRETOR HO OR CSC CENTER BHI CHALATA HO OR MUJHSE JITANA HO SAKTA HAI ME UTNA LOGO KO MOTIVATE KARNE KI KOSIS KARTA HO OR LOGO KI MADAD BHI KARTA HU LEKIN KUCHH HUMARE DESH KIJANTA KI BHI KAMI HAI WO JAN BUJH KE GALAT KAM KARNE KI LIYE MAJBOOR KARTI HAI ME CHAUNGA KE AAP स्वतंत्र दिवस पर देश की 
0 0 सरजी आज हर ईन्सान को एक भरोसा चाहिए की वह खुद को और अपने परिवार को सुरक्षित महसुस करे और वह एक चिज से हि हो सकता हे वह हमारा कानुन और पुलिस फोरस इस चिज को सुधारणा जरुरी है, यहि चिज का भरोसा आम लोगो को देना चाहिए, २)शिक्षा के बारे मे भी लोगो को aware करना चाहिए क्यो कि पढाई हि हमे देश कि प्रगती मे हिसे दारि दे शकते है, 
0 0 Dear PM, I would like to share my Idea About making future Indians the responsible Indians.Responsible towards the society,towards following the common laws like traffic laws etc.,making them sensible towards women,senior citizens and all others living beings and most importantly our environment.I would like to suggest to make it compulsory in all schools that for the initial 2-3 years in the school,the children are taught only about how to become a responsible citizen.No other subjects. Thanks 
0 0 आम आदमी तक  कोई तरह का फायदा अभी तक नहीं पंहुचा उसके लिए कुछ सोचा जाये , नहीं तो प्रधान मंत्रीजी  जो आप से आसा लगाए बढे हे  उन सभी का  भरोषा  टूट जायेगा  बस यही आप से विनती हे       श्रीचन्द व्यास , गुवाहाटी, आसाम 
0 0 INTERNET  SHOULD  BE  FREE WE  SEND  SHUTTLES( using tax money)   -- WITH  20  SATELLITES   OF  WHICH   INDIAN  SATELLITE  ONLY  5 (3 university lvl) 11  for  USA N OTHER  countries, why  not send  sattellite  and provide free bandwith or like GPS   the  mobile net is  from  satellite  direct  n  not  mob towers why  do we give  money to  ISRO  to launch shuttle  the  must  have  surplus  (earning from other country satellite launch)  they shld  be CHARGED instead 
0 0 PM advisory board of 125 non political,educated,inletectuals,mature persons from each state and one person on 1 crore of population, should be declared in speech to be constituted for neutral and confidential suggestions in favour of country. _ Bhanwar Lal Khatri 935789386 
0 0 Sir.....we need "kachre se Azaadi, freedom from waste".  This is possible when people segregate their waste.  Many waste pickers (25,000 in Hyderabad) put their bare hands into our garbage and make a living.  Segregate-waste ; Families-together 
0 0 Jai hind sir my question is why students should go for PhD. After completion of PG a student is almost 24-25 years and a lot of family responsibilities comes upon him so he has to go for earning.PhD student got stiphend only when he has cleared JRF or NET test,rest other students don't got any money. Then others students have very tough situation to take decision whether to go for earning or for some research work and normally choose to earn to complete social obligations. Please look into. 
0 0 Sir it will be great chance to show people how there is a deficiency created in all the three forces under UPA gov. And you should also tell people that how much prepared India is to go on a two front war with china and pak .As this is the utmost truth that both countries are doing joint exercise to set back India. Also tell the recent developments made in militarising India because a nation is looked on with respect only when it is highly capable in terms of military. 
0 0 Honourable P.M.Sir, Namaste, Vande Maatharam. Here i invite your attention to one Road accident happened in subash nagar in West Delhi.One Auto rickshaw rammed one person and major injured ,the rickshaw driver and passerby in there not ready to rescue the person by reaching nearby hospital. The in road development there must consider ordinary people safety.Here my request to pass a well bounded law for Road safety,awareness and emergency aid. 
0 0 Sir, Please focus on POK issues and terrorism.I think we are investing money to stop terrorism, but we are not successful. So, please do some change to save money and India. 
0 0 Sir, I request to you please ask people to obey traffic rules. It has become a serious problem for the country. A lot of precious time and fuel expend due to traffic Jam specially in the area in Delhi. Besides this, we also lost precious life due to accident. Sir, make some serious efforts to make jam free Delhi and others places in our Country. Why we are unable to follow discipline on roads? Make it mandatory and appeal from general public to follow discipline on roads. 
0 0 GOV of INDIA,launches important scheme "BETI BACHAO BETI PADHAO".The main focus is on Change the MINDSET of society looking toward girls and to Increase the Birthrate of Girl. I suggest that in this practice of GOI,if we include SANT NIRANKARI MANDAL,Delhi then it will easy to spread this message all over the world. Because Sant Nirankari Mandal Respect women from Previous time and As we know that Recently the Head of Sant nirankari mandal is also a Women i.e. Sadguru Mata Savindar Hardev ji. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सादर आपसे करबद्ध प्रार्थना है कि स्वतन्त्रता दिवस के शुभ अवसर पर आप अतिपिछड़ा पूर्वी उत्तर-प्रदेश की स्वीकृत नई रेल लाईन आनंदनगर,घुघुली वाया जिला मुख्यालय महाराजगंज के साथ-साथ पूर्वी उत्तर-प्रदेश की स्वीकृत सभी नई रेल लाइनों का यथाशीघ्र शिलान्यास एवं निर्माण कार्य आरम्भ होनें की घोषणा करनें की कृपा करें। 
0 0 India is a land of teachers. There is a dearth of medical teachers in this country.Doctors in government medical college are not the only ones who can teach and they are too few. There are  so many doctors in private practice, who love teaching and teach all the time in conferences. Teaching is  matter of passion and pleasure for them.Conduct an aptitude and knowledge based test and then select teachers. So, Kindly use their services and help eliminate the artificial dearth of medical teachers. 
0 0 Respected Sir, At first Thanks for createing NDLM and Skill India project. Please started all GOVT jobs examination in online, all offline exam is punished for some rural area students and some real talented students,  because offline exam means long travelling, suppose I'm form West Bengal but my exam centre is Tamil Nadu or some one else then create a very problems for students for rural areas and or a poor family's, and other problems is some times questions papers is published before exam. 
0 0 Hi sir Modiji Apne desh me aurat ko mata(laxmi) ka darja diya gya hai lekin jab uska pati ka deth ho jata hai baad me vo jine ke un aurt ko kuch har mahine kuch Madad milni chahiye aap desh me gst tax ki baat karte ho to aap 1% badha dijiye lekin un aurt ke baree me kuch to karna hoga...varna desh badlega lekin vo log badal nahi payege ???????? Jai hind sir 
1 0 हमारे देश की आबादी 125 करोड़ और हमारी ओलिंपिक टीम लगभग 125 ही मतलब 1 करोड़ के पीछे 1 खिलाडी। अमेरिका के माइकेल फेलेप्स के 26 मेडल और पूर्ण भारतवर्ष के 26 मेडल।क्यूँ न लाल किले की प्राचिर से एक NATIONAL SPORTS POLICY का एलान हो। देश में वर्ल्ड क्लास स्टेडियम स्पोर्ट्स काम्प्लेक्स आदि अत्याधुनिक सुविधाए युक्त व्यवस्था निर्माण हो।ताकि भविष्य में भारत ओलिंपिक host करने की दावेदारी तो पेश कर सके।घर का लड़का लड़की सिर्फ डॉक्टर इंजिनियर ही क्यों बने एक खिलाडी क्यों नहीं 
0 0 dis-balance population growth by one particular community is another challenge lack of proper awareness in entire society is another hurdle deep rooted corruption and non transparent systems is arresting our development soltions to all these evils is right education upto last child of society 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Ji, What should we do to stop commercialisation of education? How can we give quality education to every child? How should we attract top talent to choose teaching profession? 
0 0 Dear Prime minister I really want you to address the issue of Dalit,Gau rakshak and it is not just to shut the mouth of opposition I know they will always shout but I really want you to give strong message to everyone so sense of equality will come between every citizen of India And most importantly please give some strong message for the people who will always stand on the border to protect us please do something for them so they also realise that whole country is standing behind them. 
1 0 My ideas are very simple and focus on gaining and preserving physical health and mental strength of  the younger generation. Just including certain topics in the school curriculum can help us to achieve that goal very easily. Followed by even 1% can make a big difference. Wishing all fellow citizens a very Happy Independence Day....Vande Mataram. 
0 0 Respected sir...mera aapse nivedan hai ki har gaon ki gram panchyato me kam se kam 10 kachradan provide karaya jaye...jinme pratyek vyakti apne aap kachra Dalega aur Gandhi Ji ka aur aapka dekha hua sapna sakar hoga...... Thanks sir.. Dr.Neetesh jain 
0 0 मननीय मोदी जी आपसे निवेदन है कि कृपया करके सरकारी और अर्द्ध सरकारी मान्यताप्राप्त अल्पसंख्यक विद्यालयों में विशेष ध्यान दें,जंहा बच्चे नहीं हैं पैर सरकार अध्यापकों को फ़ोकट की तनख्वाह दिए जा रही है और विद्यालय गलत गलत छात्र संख्या दिखाकर स्कूल चला रहे हैं।कितना बढ़ा धोका है।साथ ही अगर स्कूलों में पढ़ाई होती तब भी बात है,अधिकांश अध्यापक नेतागीरी या कक्षा में नहीं जाते हैं।नियुक्तियों में 10 से 20 लाख खूस ली जाती है तो वो टीचर क्या पढ़ायेगा जो खूस देकर आता है,फिर कहते हैं सरकारी स्कूल ठीक नहीं हैं। 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir you are doing very good work for us. Sir please do something for sports. You know this Olympic we did not won single madel. It's my request. I want this people take intereat in all games not only in cricket. If you will do some intresting facts for sports then may be we will win approx 50 gold in next Olympic. Thank you sir for your support 
0 0 Naman,Jai Hind Sir, There is, I have,full father in your leadership. This is 70th independent anniversary but a long span, our social values decreased starting from top. There must be a responsibility for all table dealer will enhace the transparency in the system. On the name of Dalits, some so called Netas, try to mislead your vission, to get benefits on same issue. On the issue of poverty in the society, on only Dalits but in general cast, same ratio is available. 
0 0 " முயற்சி திருவினை யாக்கும் முயற்றின்மை இன்மை புகுத்தி விடும்" (குறள்: 616) "Effort brings fortune's sure increase, its absence brings to nothingness."(Couplet: 616) {Explanation: EFFORT brings everything but IDLENESS will bring poverty} 
0 0 Hi sir Modiji Apne desh me aurat ko mata(laxmi) ka darja diya gya hai lekin jab uska pati ka deth ho jata hai baad me vo jine ke un aurt ko kuch har mahine kuch Madad milni chahiye aap desh me gst tax ki baat karte ho to aap 1% badha dijiye lekin un aurt ke baree me kuch to karna hoga...varna desh badlega lekin vo log badal nahi payege    jai hin sir 
0 0 Sir, I request to you please ask people to obey traffic rules. It has become a serious problem for the country. A lot of precious time and fuel expend due to traffic Jam specially in the area in Delhi. Besides this, we also lost precious life due to accident. Sir, make some serious efforts to make jam free Delhi and others places in our Country. Why we are unable to follow discipline on roads? Make it mandatory and appeal from general public to follow discipline on roads. 
0 0 Dear Prime minister I want to suggest that- 1.  All cancer & kidney patients be provide free railway passes & his/ her attendant be charged @ 50% fare. 2.  In urban area interest @ 6% be provided on deposits over and above Rs.5000 and in rural areas over and above Rs.2000 deposit in saving bank account be provided @ 6%. 3.  All senior citizens & disable persons be given at least 9% interest on FDR & saving scheme deposits. 
0 0 Dear PM, I request you to give a message for all parents of India that," when you feed your children with good food,you must also feed them with moral values:To love and respect the nation, natives and family that they won't turn to a cold blooded terrorist. Because, parents are the moral value builders of each child and each child is tomorrow's citizen. Thank you. 
0 0 Dear PM, most of times I suffer with a very difficult situation whenever I see any begger my heart goes melt and when I go forward to donate 1 or 2 rupee then I stop myself by asking many questions that whether should I donate or not how much should i donate,am I doing right thing by donating A better or am I making that begger a lazy. I wanted to ask this question to someone spiritual and I request u to discuss this issue in front of public 
0 0 Dear Sir, Standard of Government schools and colleges are declying due to non-performance by academic staff as they are permenant employees and thus they have not any fear regarding their job. I have personnel experience that those are selected on contractual basis, they also do not fulfiling their duties towards students honestly. So strengthen government institute more powerfull and responsible. Thanq 
0 0 Respected sir Happy 70th independence day .sir I want to say that we all appreciate the programme Beti padhao beti Bachao. .Sir I have seen those people who want a baby girl but only for girls are not safe even in home so they don't want a baby girl..so sir please I request you to implement such law for rapists  so that a parent doesn't hesitate to accept a baby girl. Parul Garg Shahdara 
0 0 Namaste sir, Not only me, but I think half of India , wants to reserve some seats in every field, for the family members of our armed forces, because of them we feel ourselves safe and have sound sleep,just because of them we celebrate different festivals in India, they are CROWN OF OUR COUNTRY . We all know that they are not weaker section of our country or belongs to some groups, but because of there sacrifices they deserves some momento from our selected government. Dhnywad 
0 0 Packaged food manufacturing companies destroyed their products after expiry quantity of which are huge . Please make a law so that those companies distribute their products amongst school students in last 15 days of it's life and they will be allowed IT deduction of distribution cost for such but they will never be allowed sale return as a expense. In this way we can achieve the requirement of nutrition of students upto class 12 and school leaving will also reduced 
0 0 सर आज देश को एक और आजादी की जरूरत है, जिससे देशवासी चैन की सांस ले सकें, देश में आजादी से लेकर आज तक केवल फूट डालो और राज करो की नीति पर सरकारें चलती आई हैं। अब समय आ गया है कि ऐसी मानसिकता से देशवासियों को निजात दिलाई जाये। ऐसा तभी संभव है जब हम सभी देशवासी  अपने आप से यह वादा करें कि सबसे पहले हम देश के बारे में सोचेंगे फिर समाज के बारे में फिर परिवार और अपने बारे में सोचेंगे। काश्मीर में यदि समय रहते देश के बारे में सोचा गया होता तो स्थिति इतनी गंभीर न हुई होती, मगर अभी भी देर नहीं हुई है। 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री जी प्रणाम में चाहता हु की इस बार आप का भासन ऐसा होना चाहिये जो युवायो को हिला के मतलब जगा दे हमारे देश में शिक्षा के नाम पर काफी लोग खूब पैसे कमा रहे है और हमारे युवायो को सिर्फ डिगरिया दिला रहे है बाकि और उनको कुछ भी नहीं पता काफी युवा तो ऐसे है जो की डिग्रिया तो लिए है लेकिन उन्हें अपना नाम तक ठीक से लिखना नहीं आता तो मेरा आप से हाथ जोड़ कर निवेदन है के आप इस बार के स्वतंत्रता दिवस को इतना खास बना दे अपने भासन से के जो सुने उसके रोंगटे खड़े हो जाये और वो अपने परिवार सेहर 
0 0 You must talk about our telephone plans that is roming charges should not be there! One Nation one charge ! why pay roming charges? 
0 0 PM sir all your efforts are good adding to that i wish to bring to your notice that today people are facing a big problem in paying the hospital fee and for medicine. hence i request you to address the problem in the speech. The fruits of your efforts should reach the poor and needy in the nation.This is the best government that we have ever seen. We the people of india are always with you.go ahead 
0 0 On this cheerful 70th "INDEPENDENCE DAY", We should concentrate on fulfilling the mandatory needs such as WATER, ELECTRICITY, GAS, etc to each and every home of our country,'INDIA'.Remeber few lines of THE UNIVERSAL VEDA/THIRUKKURAL,"ஒழுக்க முடைமை குடிமை இழுக்கம் இழிந்த பிறப்பாய் விடும்" (குறள்:133)"Decorum's true nobility on earth; Indecorum's issue is ignoble birth"(Couplet:133){Explanation: Propriety of conduct is true greatness of birth and impropriety will sink into a mean birth} 
0 0 Hello Sir, 1. Some companies having name India,Hindustan,Bharat etc. write name on their product name on toilet seat,urinals,washbasin etc. this is insult of our country. Please ban to wright on such products. 2. Under Swatch Bharat Abhiyaan spread Awareness to use Toilet and urinals facility at patrol pump while travelling on roads instead standing near road for the same. thank you 
0 0 Respected PM, the fear of harassment by govt. officials including police is so much that people do not complain about the routine problems the society has, be it bad roads, irregular parking, garbage collection, antisocial elemenets etc. To empower atleast some govt official or have a single window for social grievances to look afteror forward such complaints would be a great help. Thanks and Regards 
0 0 Hon'ble PM SIR Youth Unemployment is a very big problem nowadays it is my humble request, please include the problem & your solution to solve the problem many of Graduate/postgraduate persons is ready to working but less of chances is available in our country nowadays. If you solve this problem I am  sure that many are already solved. 
0 0 PM Sir, a lot of corruption is noticeable in the country's education sector. Can there be a separate watchdog machinery on the Central level, to oversee the functioning of at least high schooling level, on the lines of Central Vigilance Commission so that the new generation is urgently rescued from getting spoiled. The scope must cover Govt and Pvt sector schools both. 
0 0 Sir, India's dismal performance in RIO Olympics has put all INDIANS in deep depression. Govt should stop promoting cricket and bollywood films without any message. Big Private cos. should be given the responsibility to promote different sports. Judiciary system should be made accountable. Timeline for different types of cases should be fixed. After the timeline is crossed, the case should automatically move to the higher court. Gun licences to public should be banned, whoever he may be. 
0 0 Pls make comments on status of your election manifesto i.e. tax terrorism,high cost of compliance for trade and industry particularly small businessman,fear of GST compliance, Ganga and other river cleaning project,interlinking of rivers, corruption and criminalization in politics,bureaucracy and judiciary,framing of complicated laws and Ease of doing business. 
0 0 Dear Sir, My suggestion for I Day Speech: "EK SAINIK DESH KE LIYE APNI JAAN DE DETA HAI,EK BAHADUR SIPAHI ATANKWADIYON SE MUTHBHED MEIN JAAN KI BAAJI LAGA DETA HAI, AUR HUM? HUM SADAK PAR LAAL BATTI PE NAHIN RUK SAKTE? EK BHARAT KA NAGRIK SADAK DURGHATNA MEIN GHAYAL HO KAR GIR JATA HAI, HUM ITNE VYASAT HAIN KE USE ASPATAL NAHIN LE JAA SAKTE? PADHE LIKHE HAIN, ACCHI AAYE HAI PAR AAYE KAR KA BHUGTAN NAHI KAR SAKTE? SOCHIYE, AGAR NAGRIK AISA KARENGE TO DESH KAISE AAGE BHADEGA? 
0 0 Requested SIR Sir pls talk about Medicine because medicine are very high cost poor people can't reach this medicine and in govt hospital there are no care of patients and medicine are very low so sir pls take care of poor people in this side and medicine sir I think Jo facility private hosp me mile WO hi sarkari me milni chyie so sir pls take care about these people and make a law of medicine center so poor people take medicine and treatment in private hosp. Thank You 
0 0 स्वतंत्रता दिवस पर कुछ पंक्तियाँ- भारत माँ के मुकुट का हीरा उन्हें नायाब चाहिए, हिम्मत तो देखो नापाक इरादों की , कश्मीर वाला इनको ख्वाब चाहिए बात करते हो ज़मीन की , हमें तो हवाओं का भी रुख , हिंदुस्तान की तरफ जनाब चाहिए ये धरती भगत सुखदेव की है , कफ़न तिरंगे वाला लाजवाब चाहिए अमन की घाटी में चीखें सुनाई दें, या बस मौन पसरा हो, मंसूबे ऐसे नाकामयाब चाहिए वो धर्म ही कहाँ , जो मासूमों के हाथों में बन्दूक थमाए, युवा दिलों में देशप्रेम, हाथों में लैपटॉप, किताब चाहिए. ज्योत्स्ना कलकल 
0 0 Mr.PM, Although your governance is quite good but the slow government procedure a common problem for all of us since decades.Yes, it is true that we have excelled in some fields but there are still government departments who are very slow and sloth. An efficient government should fulfill the commitment of efficiency (which also includes anti-corruption).So I , as a citizen of India would be very happy if you say something regarding this topic. 
0 0 Sir, Jo bhi gov. Employees kam nai karte ya apni jimmevari se bhagte h kya unke liye koi aisa kanoon nai bana sakte ki unko suspend Ki jagah nikalne ka pravdhan ho jaise private companies me hota h isse employees me dar Banta h aur kam aur performance aati h aap iske bare me apne vichar share kare 15 august ko, aur kya hum govt. Department ko 24 hours working mode pe nai dal sakte kya 3 shift me? Isse employment bhi badega please iske bare me bhi soche 
0 0 Dear Sir, You are insisting public to leave their subsidy in the interest of the nation. But I would like to suggest to leave all facilities by MPs, Assemble members in the interest of the nation. I am sure, when this historical moment if come, public will may leave automatically subsidy. You politicians are roll model for the common public and that's why public will follow their actions. Thanq 
0 0 I would like to hear the actual measures taken for protecting our national borders and ensuring that not even an animal intrudes our land. We the people want to hear the real measure and not general measures. Also would like to know how many traitors have been arrested till now in India and how many more would be arrested in near future? 
0 0 Requested SIR Sir pls talk about Medicine because medicine are very high cost poor people can't reach this medicine and in govt hospital there are no care of patients and medicine are very low so sir pls take care of poor people in this side and medicine sir I think Jo facility private hosp me mile WO hi sarkari me milni chyie so sir pls take care about these people and make a law of medicine center so poor people take medicine and treatment in private hosp. Thank You 
0 0 Respected Sir Please speak about the commitment of the Government on Higher education funding keeping accountability in the forefront. Please generally feel that this government does not support research in higher education. Please emphasize that POK is part of Kashmir and give a time line for accession of POK in India. Also please spell out strategy to make Balochistan a state of India. Please incentivise Swacch Bharat program to individual people through certification and rewards 
0 0 Hon'ble Prime minister Shri Narendra modi Ji, Happy Independence Day in advance. Income tax & Agriculture related issue having the following attachment, Please check the attachment 
0 0 Beloved and Respected Sir, Aspiration for a Digital currency Suggestion : Usage of debit/credit cards and net payments may be encouraged by levying a differential rate of tax, if transaction is done through digital methods like swiping a card at Point of Sale. (When GST implemented), This would help better tax compliance and higher revenue, Reduce RBI expenditure on currency management, Fight the menace of counterfeit currency etc.I beg to attach a note on the advantages of the same. 
0 0 माननीय प्रधानमंत्री महोदय हमे खुशी है कि हमारा देश आपके नेतृत्व मे आगे बढ़ रहा है, परन्तु कुछ मुद्दे ऐसे हैं जिनके बारे मे आपको अवगत कराना चाहुंगा. आजकल डीजिटल इण्डिया की की चर्चा बहुत हो रही है पर डीजिटल इण्डिया के बारे मे उन गांव के लोगों से पुछा जाय जहा सप्ताह मे 2-3 दिन 2 जी नेटवर्क कार्य करता है , जहां के यूवा को 45 किमी दूर जाकर फार्म भरना पड़ता है. आज 4जी, 5जी के समय मे लोगों को 2 जी के लिए तरसना पड़े तो यह डिजीटल इण्डिया किसके लिए है? रामजी सिंह यादव सरईगाढ़ सोनभद्र 
0 0 Respected Sir, India needs permanent peace in South East Asia, we have to fix our priorities for intarnational relatioships because neighour countries are more discontent and are passing through a phase of internal conflicts and insurgency of all types. India is a mother nation, and has greater responsibilities to make long term peace in this region. Pakistan is trying to go out from the important organizations and amusing old raga on Kashmir, there is an urgent need to resolve the mattersoon 
0 0 Sir please mention about Labour reforms and equal pay for equal work for women. Appeal to industries to take affirmative action on women in workforce, not just at entry levels but as they grow senior. Provide support so women don't leave work at mid career. 
0 0 Like last year Swatch Bharat call, toilet building  this time it should be something  like hospitals or govt clinics at every block level. Business houses should adopt 100 Vill PHC which  should be modernised by them. Students and teacher exchange programs from village to city and city to village atleast 1 weak. State culture toursim every month should be promoted. 
0 0 Most Dear and Venerable Sir, Oppression – rape – outrage, murder, conspiracy – corruption –deception, – inhuman destructive violent madness –those which are being taken place in our all sides, at the root of those, there are– scantiness of consciousness, blindness owing to ignorance and severe aberration of the mind –mental sickness. More..., please check the attachment 
0 0 MR PRIME MINISTER AAP APNE MANN KI BAAT TO DUSRO KO SUNATE HO KABHI JANTA KI BHI SUN LIYA KARO SIR JI, 
0 0 PM Sir, The judiciary is having tremendous backlog and the courts run for hardly few hours a day and 5 days a week. Moreover, there are long summer vacations for the courts throughout India. When we believe that justice delayed is justice denied, is it not the high time to make our courts work for 24 x 7 - 365 days so that justice delivery time for the common man improves. On the sideline, this may open up huge employment opportunity for the lawyers, judges and related court staff. 
0 0 We all are talking about pollution of air, water, noise but we forget the mother of all pollution i.e. thought pollution. The thought pollution is the route cause of all problems arising it could be terrorism,Law disturbance and various types of negative things which can not be mentioned.We nee to cure thought pollution by way of inculcating good habits,lifestyle based on our ancient culture. After all one great saint Shri Wamanrao Pai said that"YOU ARE THE ARCHITECT OF YOUR OWN DESTINY" 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I think presently the serious problem  which the GOVT. has to combat is Reservation Policy besides other problems like poverty, illiteracy,health etc. The present system of reservation policy only creates division among the people and the people in unreserved category is totally frustrated to see that they are denied with  facilities of the country with more qualities than that of the reserved ones.Could you not initiate any move to do away with the reservation policy? 
0 0 percentage  of youth people in India is remarkable in comparison with the other countries of the world. We are all siblings of mother India. "Bharat abar jagat sabhay shreshtha asono lobe"..if and only if we are all united and dedicated to the development of our motherland in true sense. 
0 0 We need that this Government is quite different from the earlier one and all government staff should respect Old age people, Women, Children and person who need special provisions. In case of need people could approach such officers may be a Welfare officer of the Central Government who may be approached for all Central Government policy and any help in this regards. Thanks 
0 0 MR PRIME MINISTER, HAR SAAL BAHUT SE VADE LAL KILE SE KIYE JAATE HAI, PURA KOI KARTA NAHI. KIRPA KARKE JO NAHI KAR SAKTE USKI JHOTI ASS NA DILAYE. KIMATO PAR AAPKI CHALTI NAHI. ACHE DIN BHI CHALE GAYE. JO DAAL ROTI KHATE THE WOH BHI PAHUNCH SE BAHAR HO GAYI. 
0 0 Hon'ble PM Expenditure on electricity in Govt Offices to be monitored. Expenditure may be reduced by half easily. ALL GOVT OFFICES SHOULD HAVE WIFI FACILITY. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Rivers in India must be interlinked, so that across India we won't have flooding, Water shortage and entire country will flourish in green. Of course lot of initiatives and planning required accomplish this mega project. Under your leadership and before 2020 we all want to see this mission accomplished. if Mr. Chandrababu Naidu can make it happen in AP, we firmly believe that it is possible under your leadership. Jai Hind !!! 
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir, On the eve of Independance day I would like to share my thoughts about freedom.After 69years of Independance,if a girl still feels insecure to walk alone even in daylight,if a common man is threatened by his ChiefMinister,if people misuse their FREEDOM OF SPEECH by saying our nation discriminates among religions and harm the harmony within nation,we are far from freedom. Looking forward to hear from you what Freedom truly is. Best Regards Tanima Dutta 
0 0 mostr inportant 
0 0 Sir, Please speak on Women safety, Kashmir issue and give a strong message to Pakistan. Also please take NIT Kashmir Students name who fought in the country itself for Country's pride. 
0 0 No difference can be felt between the present state government and the earlier corrupt government in Maharashtra when it comes to basic governance to common man. No perceptible improvement in basic primary health care needs, primary education standards, safer and reasonably-priced transport facilities, police response to public complaints, particularly in districts and rural areas. So, why should people vote for this government again? 
0 0 A big salute to all freedom fighters who worked sincerely to get FREEDOM. Pledge,"INDIA is our country and all indians are our brothers & sisters...".To SCHOOLS/EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS; "DISCIPLINE FIRST, EDUCATION NEXT".To PARENTS/TEACHERS/ELDERS; Educate "Discipline/Decorum" to all children/Students and keep it as prime duty for making healthy 'INDIA'. "UNITY IN DIVERSITY"(Though various states, religions, languages, etc but only one country,"INDIA". We should proud of it). 
0 0 The Rule of law is necessary to be enforced in all spheres of life. Civic Sense is ignored, so law need to be enforced. All police officers should be empowered to impose fine on all traffic violations. All Corruption, taking bribes, should stop in all recruitments in all States, specially in Teachers and Police Officers. All MPs, MLAs, MLCs should take a oath that if any FIR or complain is filed against them, they will not take steps to delay the judicial process but apply for quick disposal. 
0 0 Respected Sir, In our country, Our most problem is arising because we have a huge number of population. So is there any steps the government is taking to control the population? 
0 0 1. Free Education for all Indian till PG, [High quality, employable] 2. Free Healthcare for all Indian, lifelong, [World class, safest, by 100% insurance ] 3. Free Food [basic] for all, all over India, [By digital Aadhar card, public network kitchens.] Trust me, it is achievable by 2020, if we all work hard, and focus on this goal for ourselves. And flat tax rate of 40%, no exemptions, no escape, trustworthy commitment. Income Tax: 40%, Single VAT: 25%. 2020 Vision. 
0 0 Respected sir,my request to you is please talk about reservation,and do please do something against reservation that make every one equal,this is my opinion...if you like it...then talk about it...on independence day.. 
0 0 Dear Sir, Thank you for giving me the chance to meet you personally on the occasion of Digital India Launch event at lunch. I will be delighted if you could please visit my ode to my nation: www.indea.co Here is wishing you a very long life and good health. yours faithfully Sashwata Sur 
0 0 Respected PMji Please fix targets for each Ministry to accomplish during one year/six months. Targets to be based upon making Bharat a developed country by 2030.TARGETS SAHOULD GIVE US YEARLY GROWTH OF 12 % UPTO 2030. All Indians irrespective of party of origin,religion,region should be promoted if his/her contribution makes our nation great.Growth progress to be monitored on monthly basis. Kind regards JANA GANA MANA may be song  in Govt Offices in morning every day. 
0 0 We celebrate independence day every year but that was independence from British rule. We will be truly independent when we get independence from caste system reservations, hunger , mal nutrition, poverty, corruption. We will be independent when we stop thinking that we belong to UP or Haryana or any other state or caste and Identify ourself as Bhartiya or Indian. All govt forms, school or college admission forms should be modified where there should not be any column for caste or category. 
0 0 #IndependenceDay2016 Sir, in India lots of fresh study books/material are distributing to needy students every year under various welfare schemes by state/central govt's, which required lots of tree cutting to print. I suggest to generate the system of books rotation by collect the distributed books/study materials from students and redistribute it to students of upcoming year. Which save lot tree from cuttings to use specifically print for this purpose as well as expenses too. 
0 0 Dear PM I feel that we as a nation can do lot more. But to do so we must be united. We haven't gained independance from the colonists. Their techniques of divide and rule are still influencing us, sadly these days its a work of some selfish indians. Secondly I would like you to seriously review our education system. As a young college I would say that our education system is right now horrible. Educations primary goal must shift from making employees to making better individuals. 
0 0 1). People of India need a sense of belonging to the country and must have a feeling for his country, They must show it and support to others also. 2). There will be no dividing factors on the national issue as well. Personal gain will not  be preferred to National welfare. 3). All people must be ensured of free primary Health, Social support in Food etc,and free primary education. And this shall be made binding and duty of Governments. 
0 0 www.jamosnews.com १९४७ वंचित Punjabi शरणार्थियों के लंबित Rehabilitation Claims रिहैबिलिटेशन क्लेम्स के विषय में कृपया कोई नीति की घोषणा करें 
0 0 Reapected PM Shri Narendra Modi ji , We request you to please consider and prominently incorporate the focuss and initiate the programme on SPORTS  considring the low morale of fellow countrymens on average or poor performance by Indian contingent in RIO OLYMPICS 2016 and in view of. U 17 world cup football in INDIA . The government should announce huge spending on sports infarstructure such as fitness cnetres in rural and urban india in SMART CITIES OR SMART VILLAGE PROGRAME .JAYANT V RAO 
0 0 Our entire nation is looking up to you for the last 2 years as saviour of our country.  On corruption at the political level, there appear to be remarkable improvement.  It may take more time to percolate down the line.  However, the common man is disillusioned with the price rise, especially in the essential commodities like pulses.  Swift and demonstrative steps should be taken to control price rise.  No sections of our society should feel alienated or neglected.Values should be taughttokids 
0 0 Organic Farming is the need of the hour and we will be concentrating on Chemical-less Agriculture in the future. Let our people be happy and healthy for the generations to come. Mechanised Farming is allowed in Organic farming and the scope of Skill development is tremendous. Let the labour requirement and the input costs be at minimum. The quality and the quantity i.e. yields can be assured for all the crops and assured resistivity from the natural calamities is possible. 
0 0 Respected Sir, Until we see 100% peace in Kashmir Valley, we as an Indian won't be in position to enjoy the Independence Day. Kashmir is part of India and it is heaven in earth. Unfortunately the valley is going through bad phase since Independence. we must pave the road for our next generation to enjoy such beautiful place. Under your leadership we want peace to return in valley and want the people of Kashmir to leave in Peace and harmony like people at other states in India. 
0 0 proper education by every school to every child is the right solution of maximum problems but bigger challenge is to bring uniformity of basic curriculum taught in right spirit n zeal tragedy is, many have blessings of laxmi ji but are far off from saraswati ji those who have blessings of saraswati ji and hence have better understanding of education have no money to run their own schools and colleges/universities hence education imparted is improper. modi ji has to take up this challenge. 
0 0 point (मुदा) : स्वच्छता.....स्वच्छता कर्मचारी और दलित भाइयो......डॉ. बाबासाहेब और अनामत व्यवस्था.....गौरक्षा....कानून व्यवस्था.....विगेरे 
0 0 Namastey sir, Please tell the state governments to start the newly government offices(like-Tehsil)  (whose work has completed about one year ago)as soon as possible.I'm from Rajasthan at baseri in district Dholpur.Here several villages facing the problem. Thank you 
0 0 Some arrangements should be made regarding health insurance after Retirement. When they r in service only amount for medical should b deducted from their salary so that after retairment they should not worry about their health. 
0 0 Municipal Corporation should work efficiently, online complaint system is not that effective, the complaints are closed with ill logical / unprofessional replies and sometimes rejected. The rejection right should be given only to commissioner, the complaints should not be closed only after work is Totally over.  The footpath should be free of encroachments, like tree  branches touching head, or citizen can not walk on it with an open Umbrella, the hurdles like Electric Panels / poles in centre 
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, can you announce a Kendriya Vidyalaya for only non-Govt. service holders/private worker. Because, private people who are of general caste cannot take admission to Kendriya vidyalayas due to govt.service (Rly./central govt./state govt.) & caste reservation. Hope you will fulfil the dream of millions of indians. 
1 0 Respected sir, I would like to suggest a few important things Overloaded school bags must be prohibited Newspaper reading must be encouraged among students Use of technology in education Involvement of students in programs launched by the government Stress on increase in technical skills, language skills and social skills among students Providing a well equipped PHCs and schools for every remote area Using ideas of the citizens, especially students, to introduce policies or schemes 
0 0 Announcement On  POK May Be Included In The Speech 
0 0 Sir please celebrate 70th year with slogan 'work with commitment, work with accountability'. Most of the system problems are due to lake work culture. Public service of all areas lack both commitment and own sense of accountability. The whole mess is due lack of work doing culture. You have tighten the corruption nose, but at large this is still prevailing. It happens mostly because of non working culture. This slogan would be a transforming one like 'celan Ganga'. 
0 0 As new vacancies are sanctioned in government and public sector after due deliberations and most of the time a year or two later from the initiating of processes, the existence of too many vacancies at various levels directly mean heavy pendency of work. Judiciary’s case is not different. Government should move forward to a ‘zero-vacancy’ concept. GOI may have to consider legislative measures to enable retiring judges/officials to continue on contract basis till vacancies are filled. 
0 0 MANNIYA MODIJI , Desh mai angreji bhasha shikshan ke vyavsay ko rokna chahiye . Desh ke saare angreji madyam ke school band kar dena chahiye . Mere putra matrabhasha hindi mai pade hote to zyada gyanwan hote . Ucch shikha tak shikshan karya marta bhasha mai honi chahiye . Angreji bhasha mai padne ke baad pratibhavan bacche videsh jaane mai lage huye hai . Prathibha palayan ko rokna chahiye . BHARAT MAI HINDI MAI HI SAARE KARYA HONE CHAHIYE . SIR , please is baare mai shociyega 
0 0 1. Measures for healthy India is required;better to convert 1 reputed hospitals of each state as AIIMS rather than starting new 2.Involve academic community from Universities and Research Institutions as Science/Social Science Advisers of the government by linking particular ministry with particular institutions for policy advice. 3. 69,000 UGC/AICTE supported researchers should be asked to submit policy briefing document of 10 pages to the concerned ministry related to their research topics 
0 0 What ever efforts are made for the development of the nation they are all eaten by the rising population how does the govt plan to reduce/stabilise the same 
0 0 EVEN AFTER 70 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE 100% LITERACY IS NOT THERE IN INDIA. EDUCATION SECTOR SHOULD BE MORE FOCUSSED. GOOD QUALITY EDUCATION FOR ONE AND ALL.FREE QUALITY TEREATMENT FOR ONE AND ALL IS NOT THERE TILL NOW. GOVERNMENT HOSPITALS SHOULD BE MORE STRENGTEN WITH QUALITY TREATMENT AND HYGENIC. AGRICULTURE IS THE BACKBONE OF THE COUNTRY . AWARENESS ON WHAT TYPE OF CROPS ARE SUITABLE FOR THE AGRICULTURE LAND SHOULD BE DONE. QUALITY SEEDS,WATER, POWER, LATEST TECHNOLOGY EQUIPMENT SHOULD BEGIVEN 
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Ji I request you to highlight the importance of education because it is the only way of enhancing the quality of life. Further, knowledge should not be limited to books but it should be overall development so that one can make a growth both personally and professionally. 
0 0 देशातील वार्षिक उत्पन्न एक लाखापेक्षा कमी आहे.या कुटुंबांना जिवणाआवश्यक वस्तु सरकार मान्य स्वस्त धान्य पुरवठा दुकानदाराकडुन देण्याची व्यवस्था न्हावी त्याचसोभत या कुटुंबांना आरोग्य सेवा व मुला मुलींना मोफत शिक्षण देण्याची व्यवस्था व्हावी. गैरफायदा घेऊ नये म्हणून या वर उपाय योजना (शासकीय सेवेतील कर्मचारी सधन आसल्याने एकाच कुटुंबातील अनेक सेवेत आसल्याने उत्पन्नाचे दाखले घेऊन या सेवा मिळवतात त्या तातडीने बंद कराव्यात.) 
0 0 every financial transaction above Rs.100/- shall done with credit/debit cards to avoid black money. 
1 0 Respected sir, I feel awful to be a part of that country where our sisters, daughters,mothers are not safe. Its really a pathetic situation espically in some states where we heard almost 20-25 cases on daily basis .where women are not feel safe to go outside home . A nation where social directives were formed but not followed. Sir, as u visited many countries and some  have very strict punishment for rape and exploitation of women. Kindly took that laws in force which helps to produce a fear. 
0 0 Respected Sir, It gives me grate pleasure to have PM like you Sir. A) Banks are asking so many documents including no due certificates from all the banks when common people adk for any short term loan in thousands. But they do not ask such NDC for business magnates. B) Please make National River policies, so that a State suffering  from draught could get drinking water. C) There be restriction on water use to factories, when there is no rain rather than restricting farmers from cultivating. 
0 0 To avoid mis utilisation and fleecing of scarce resources by the Hospitals across India; from Govt schemes and private patients,it is essential  to set up a Hospital/nursing home Regulatory Authority of India, to regulate the business of hospitals and Nursing homes/daycare centres /clinics /diagnostic centres/imaging centres.From compulsory licensing/gradation/ inspection for cleanliness/stipulate packages except room rent,This would take care Insurancecompany payout undervarious schemes.Canhelp 
0 0 देशातील ८०%जनता भाडेने घर घेऊन जगत आहे यांना स्वत:च्या घरात किंवा त्यांची घरभाड्याची व्यवस्था करण्यासाठी सध्या केंद्रशासीत,राज्यशासनाचे आणी निमशासकीय कर्मचारी यांना त्यांच्या वेतनात घरभाडे भत्ता दिला जातो बहुअंशी कर्मचारी स्वत:च्या मालकीच्या घरात राहतात तरीही ते घरभाडे स्विकारत आहे.त्या सोभतच एकात कुटुंबात राहुन पती-तत्नी-मुलगा शासकीय सेवेत आसल्याने प्रत्येक जण घरभाडे स्विकारतात या तातडीने बंद करा तो पैसा गरजु ८०% लोकांना शासनाच्या वतीने काही ना काही मदत करता येयील त्यांना नक्कीच अच्छेदिन येतील. 
0 0 Respected Sir, My suggestion is to introduce tool / application / process to submit / share appreciation messages about the good initiatives & commendable work by local Corporators, MLAs, MPs, Ministers & CM of respective state.  At the end of year basis on public feedback / appreciations they should be rewarded 'Pat on the Back' certificate. For example, Naroda BJP panel Girishbhai Prajapati has done very quick action after one complaint on his Facebook post and received many positive. 
0 0 Respected sir, I feel awful to be a part of that country where our sisters, daughters,mothers are not safe. Its really a pathetic situation espically in some states where we heard almost 20-25 cases on daily basis .where women are not feel safe to go outside home . A nation where social directives were formed but not followed. Sir, as u visited many countries and some  have very strict punishment for rape and exploitation of women. Kindly took that laws in force which helps to produce a fear. 
0 0 pl. go through the pdf file sir. 
0 0 - EMPLOYEMENT FOR ALL YOUTHS - PLENTY OF POLICEMEN - TO APPOINT JUDGES FOR SPEEDY JUSTICE - BAN OF LIQUOR 
0 0 Lets Begin the era of Swadeshi Movement as started by our Father of Nation. 
0 0 प्रिय प्रधानमंत्री जी, सादर नमस्कार ! अब तक जो भी काला धन जब्त किया गया है उस धन से एक कोष बनाया जाय जिसका नाम हो - 'हरित कोष'(Green Fund)! 'Black Money be be converted into Green Money' इस हरित कोष का उपयोग सामाजिक कल्याण के लिए किया जाये ! धन्यवाद ! 
0 0 2). For the employees of unorganized sector and many private firms, EPF is implemented. But the pension from it is very meager. Except for very low wage workers, many employees contribute as per the ceiling wage of Rs.6,500 (or the revised Rs.15,000), all throughout their service. Then their pension is also calculated based on the ceiling at the time of their retirement. Rs.3,250 is the typical pension. A better computation method that takes care of contributions and inflation may be needed. 
0 0 Dear Pradhan mantriji 1 ) there should be a pension for income tax payer. business people who contribute income tax does not have any retirement benefit. 2 ) change currency ----- it will flush out all black money 3 ) link aadhaar for employment  so that dummy employment entries are curtailed. 4 ) start a world class university which will battle stanford , wharton and oxford 5 ) our talent flies to USA and they are giving encoragement, employment and are extarcting maximum benefit. 
0 0 Name should be like, "A letter for Nation", and PM should speek regarding current situation like Kashmir, farmer, business, Politics and other things 
0 0 Kindly concentrate on the following two issues for Nation Building. 1. Importance of MSME's....see attachment 2. Importance for Skill Building in all our 230,000 panchyats. China has 350,000 centres imparting 600 different courses to nearly 50 million Rural population per year...see attacgments. I cant make out what has been uploaded. Krishan Khanna krishankhanna.iit@gmail.com www.wakeupcall.org 
0 0 जो भी स्वरोजगार की स्कीम है वो सब पैसे वालो के लिए ही है। डिजिटल इंडिया मुहीम के वावजूद स्वरोजगार का प्रोसेस बाबूवो की दबी फाइलो में ही है। 
0 0 R to.., road transport and license issuing must be more strict. We should create more awareness and follow strict discipline in driving. Compare other grown up countries we are really not doing good. Water consumption and leveraging water for agriculture. Increase road standard. 
0 0 Independence Day speech on using Swadeshi Products from Swadeshi Network Marketing Company. People would earn and learn about the benefits of using those products. 
0 0 Sir, Think about POPULATION CONTROL' in this no rule for population mechanism.one children policy should be implemented,at least for govt. Employee. Tax relief should allow for the employee having girl children. Govt.subsidy should attache with one children policy. 
0 0 Sir, achha admio ko party me samil ki jiye, gaon elaka me up ka kam achha tarike se nahi pouch raha he, panchayet level me presser dijiye kiunki up k nam pe bo log lut raha he same as congress period. issi 3 point k upor kuchh boliye ga sir. or ek bat nari ke upor ek education dene ka aromv korna chahiye kiunki marriage life k bat nari ka marriage jibon me problem a raha he. or daru ke upor stick rolls banbana chahiye. 
0 0 सर मै देख रहा हूँ कि consumer product बनाने वाली कंपनिया मनमाने तरीके से पैकेट का वजन कम कर देतीं है जैसे १ kg को ९५०g, १/२ kg को ४३०g, २५०g को २२०g या कुछ और. मेरा सुझाव है कि सभी पैकेट्स के लिए एक निश्चित वजन का प्राविधान होना चाहिए जो सबको मानना पड़े. ऐसे ना करने पर कड़ी सजा और आर्थिक रिकवरी का प्राविधान होना चाहिए वो भी एक निश्चित समय सीमा के अंदर क्योकि ये एक प्रकार की चोरी है जो देश की पूरी आबादी से एक साथ की जा रही है. मुकेश श्रीवास्तव नॉएडा 
0 0 Judiciary reforms: “There is urgency to fast-track justice not only when sensational issues come up and media/ popular protests highlight them. The immediate measures could include: • Segregating cases which need to be decided within a year and taking them on a priority basis by the courts now in position. • Leaving the remaining cases to new Special Courts to be put in place at all levels depending on the number of pending cases. • Ensuring vacancies of judges are filled in time 
0 0 Illegal constructions, even violating the CRZ norms right on the banks of the Ulhas river in Thane district, Maharashtra are going on unchecked and with active connivance of the local politicos and civic officials. Even the demolished illegal buildings belonging to political bigwigs have come up mocking the law. 
0 0 IMPROVE PUBLIC BUS TRANSPORT service in Cities - Bus should be well maintained and free of Engine Heavy Noise, Broken seats to be repaired urgently, Bus should be clean from inside and out side, raise bus frequency in Peak hours, allow free travel in traffic congested areas of Pune old City in peak hours, so citizens use minimum 2 wheeler, Rickshaw , Car, Private Cab, to avoid jams on congested city Roads, will help reduce air and noise pollution, will save time and fuel.  Run Public Transport 
0 0 to encourage reuse of books and save forests pls must read attached file and request to nation. 
0 0 Respected PM of India, muje apse itana hi kehana hai ki india ka jo police department hai usko jyada authority,rights milani chahiye kyun ki ye wo log he jo asal me sewa karana to janate hai magar dabaw ke karan kar nahi pate....mai ek aesa police station dekhana chahata hoon jisme police ke puri freedom ho,unhe advanced technology di jay ki ve aam adami ki service de sake... 
0 0 Respected Sir, I have been working for the Education and Protection of the underprivileged children for last 18 years and found that several steps have been taken from the government to ensure education of all children. Can you launch a Nationwide Campaign just like Beti Bacho - Beti Padhao to ensure that no child in this country remain out of school by next independence day? This would certainly accelerate the objectives of Right to Education and glory of the country. 
0 0 Saare Jahan Se Acha Hindustan Hamara! #Happy #Independence #Day nd I am proud to be an #Indian❤️ 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 
0 0 Sir Please talk about our farmers ,they were in pathetic condition these days ,some major steps need to be taken for the upliftment of farmers, 
0 0 Indian Temples : Great fear of loss of Shoes. At Gurudwaras we get back shoes duly polished. Why cant we create a positive environment at our holy temples ! Why everyone demands donations at Temples. Why cant Pujaris at temples can be controlled. We need to create safe , positive and peaceful environment at holy places. We all including state goverments can do this. Jai Hind !!! 
0 0 Sir, now a days we are seeing number of road accidents, in that accidents number of persons are receiving injuries, after accidents no one help to injured persons to shift hospital because some times the person give help may implicated in accident case or site as witness, the driver of crime vehicles are not acting properly to help the injured persons, to motivate that aspect the motor vehicle act shall use as lesson to students, peoples must know about section 134 of motor vehicle act. 
0 0 Sir, I request you, please say something on the, grains that is rotten in FCI, and Other Storage. In other hand, the death from hunger in India, Increasing by the year per year. Please do something...or Say something Thanks, Santosh 
0 0 Honorable Modi Ji, as shared your opinion on Network Marketing future in India, make a public speech on Independence Day about promoting Indian Network Marketing Company because that would help the growth of Indian Economy and the GDP of India would also increase as compared to any other nation. 
0 0 हमारे युवा बहुत ही कौसल युक्त है, जो नहीं है वो पुरे जोस् से कर लेगा बस आप रोजगार उपलब्ध कराने की व्यवस्था करे। 
0 0 Respected Pradhan Mantriji, Right since independence, we as citizens have always been taught to fight for our rights. Our entire thinking so far has been "rights-based". Time has now come to talk about duties of each citizen towards other fellow citizens, society and the nation. How can we promote this vital concept among citizens. Can we observe a 'duty day' every month where we talk only about our duties and not rights? Without a sense of duty, our development will remain incomplete. 
0 0 Corruption is one of main issue in India. It blocks benefits given by Centre Govt as well as State Govt to needy person's at lower level. Need  to set system to stop routine level corruption at lower level. It can also be mobilise  with Anti Corruption movement all over India. 
1 0 I feel oneness with my dear and respectful prime minister Mr.Narendra Modi.Now a days,I think him as "Condensed India". We want peace in Kashmir. We have to destroy the bankers inside Pakistan. We have to give strong warning to Pakistan. We can send loving messages, greetings cards,gifts to the people of Kashmir and Baluchistan showing that our love,deepest heart always with them.We have to take step to recover Kashmir and Baluchistan which is inside Pakistan.We are ready to protect BHARATMATA. 
0 0 Dear PM Sir,acid attack on girls is the most beinous ,coward and inhuman act.How long  will we afford to let our sisters and daughers suffer the life of hell.The girls who used to be most beautiful now cannot look into mirror.even the country like Pakistan has put complete ban on acids then why can't we.plz pay a visit to the rehabilitaion centers of acid attack victims. 
0 0 For environment bigger threat is manufacturing of many new materials without info of how that has to be handled after the useful life. If on packing of all products instructions are given on its recycling the waste management will become simpler. Various chemicals, mercury, lead, and complex polymers are difficult to recycle. we are not aware of where to throw Thermometer, CFL, Medicines, electronic components. Hence guideline on disposal should be available before producing the product. 
0 0 No impact of your zero tolerance to corruption at the state level, much less in districts and further down in Maharashtra, please. ''Business'' as usual, with the change of actors on the stage! 
0 0 Various health schemes in various state governments; municipalities/corporations. Wastage of national resources on the same target group BPL. RSBY/State health projects.Let IRDAI form a committee with members from stake holders and create one scheme, to conserve scare financial resources.Infrastructure thru Insurance cos. and intermediaries.Predetermined package with empanelled hospitals. Record to include photos of surgery/treatment to avoid misutilisation. 
0 0 Sir. Please tell something about our unemployment of youngstars 
0 0 jai hind... 
1 0 Like in Europe & Many Asian Countries there must be a electronic system on the table of every government officials and the visitor/ users will give their marks ( good, not- satisfactory )  & data should be collected at one place which shall be used for the further promotion/ increments of their job. If a officers continuous perform bed he or she will be punished. 