11 6 Is Modi Govt. really want Incredible India? Just see the attached file where I asked PMO to have a check on the un-necessary high FEE charged by the schools whereas the teachers were not paid salary as per CBSE norms. CBSE reply is attached. It just seems protecting the culprits and closing the case without any grievance redressal. PMOs online grievance mechanism is of no use and the grievances were not taken seriously and it's for making Indian public fool.Will this platform do something?
10 1 My Suggestion - In Mumbai lots of fly overs and Railway bridges are made in last 10 to 15 years but none of them is painted so all look ugly and also it is getting damaged early due to environmental forces. Why they are not painted or why they are not included in the tenser technical Conditions ? it will look esthetic too !! it must be mendetory for all elivated structures all over India.
2 1 Historically, all countries, when they were achieving serious growth, there was no labor unrest. Those were the times where there was some untold understanding between the working class and the higher ups. The workforce was disciplined. Tourism has the potential to add sustained plentiful GDP points. Disciplined and focused 'Tourist friendly Service providers' is the need of the day. Our history and geography has so much to offer to the guests, if only our people do their part.
10 0 If the 'Swatcha Bharat' initiative becomes a way of life in the tourist spots and the transport hubs, one box is ticked. Then, ticking the second box 'athidi devo bhava' is tougher. Just TV ads won't do. The people who interact with visitors (from officials to autowallahs) must be given a crash course, after which a card saying he/she is a tourist friendly service provider. They must also be further sensitized on a continuous basis. Do this and publicize this, the visitors will 'Double'.
1 0 aND MOST IMPORTANT THING PEOPLE MUST CHANGE THERE PERCEPTION FOR INDIA THINK POSITIVE, AND LOVE(TOWARDS NATION) DO NOT EXPECT ANYTHING FROM THE OPPONENT... SO PLZ STOP EXPECTING...
0 0 tHERE SHOULD BE ENTRANCE TEST FOR EACH PARTY IN SELECTING THERE CANDIDATE ALSO PEOLE POLL MUST BE DONE REGARDING MLA FROM SAME PARTY FOR STANDING IN ELECTION
0 0 gOVERNMENT CAN DO NOTHING IN MAKING INCREDIBLE INDIA TILL THEY WILL TAKE STRICT AND PROMT DECISION. iNDIA NEED CHOOSEN MLA TO BE VISUAL WHO CAN SEE THE FUTURE. HE MUST KNOW AT WHICH ANGLE BRANCH OF TREE WOULD GROW WHEN IT IS BEING PLANTED
2 0 #IncredibleIndia 2.	We see people don’t want their kids to learn Sanskrit as they think there is no future in it, but if we make kids learn Arabic, Urdu and Persian with this. We can use these students to produce nationalistic contents in these languages to de-radicalize and motivate estranged youths.  These students can join Durdarshan and Akashvani etc. to save the national interest in Urdu and Arabic segments.
1 0 #MyGov In view of security threats Pakistan/gulf and from certain elements within the country, I want to bring to your notice the importance of Arabic, Persian and Urdu languages. Please start a Sanskrit university where we’ll be teaching these languages as well. These students can be used in intelligence department to search inflammatory or objectionable contents in News Papers/Channels, Electronic media, Internet, social media etc. and this will produce much needed Sanskrit scholars as well.
2 0 Dear sir At present time I am seeing on television many of areas of country are facing the Water problem. we can compulsory at least one project of Rainwater Harvesting tank  for recharge the groundwater for  every Gram panchayat pond Through MNREGA SCHEME. At this time Through Mnrega scheme we clean the pond and make the boundary of pond. In this pond We can make A water Tank for recharge the groundwater this is very low cost work it should be compulsory for  Every Gram Panchayat.
2 0 Dear Prime Minister, as a citizen who has seen many countries in the world, I can suggest that India has huge potential to tap international tourism. What we need is to integrate national religious monuments and bring them under one board. Similarly one umbrella for natural reserves. We can be a preferred destination if we provide clean and hygenic facilities for any traveller. I would like to contribute to this initiative if given a chance. Namaste
1 1 Today's papers report seizing several buses in Mumbai for using an mobile phone app for aggregating passengers within Mumbai city. It violates some archaic rule of the RTO!? I think it needs to be encouraged to solve many social & economic problems faced by us & globally. It saves global warming, air pollution, congestion in the metros, outgoing FE / CAD for crude imports etc. Pl ask Niti Aayog to do the needful. Regards Dr Ashok Gupta.
3 0 tiruvannamalai, tamilnadu ramanashramam beautiful place for foreign people good place for people who are searching the world to find themself
1 0 sri ramachandra swamy temple, badrachalam, khammam district, telangana state. one of most powerful god temple in the world, very good historical place, religious, spiritual, lord rama visited place in ramayanam. it is a place for Hinduism people to pray lord vishnu (sri rama)
1 0 All citizens of India whoever having PAN number should grow i.e. take care of a Tree.  The PAN of that person should be displayed on the tree, so that he / she will get Tax exemption for taking that tree.  In this way, people will grow trees out of statutory compulsion and tax benefits.
1 0 In India, there are lot of sharp to normal unnecessary curvatures on Highways, MDR, ODR & village Roads. If we Reduce curvatures/straighten those length of roads, Lacks of Hectors of new land for Housing/Farming can be created which is otherwise next to impossible. Also straightening of Roads will reduce travelling time, Petrol, Diesel, accidents & improving P0llution & saving Billions of Rupees every year. Common man can save thousands of Rupee every year & GDP can also increased noticeably.
0 0 Location: Kolaba fort, Alibag(MH). Little things could be the perfect subject for your image. imagine this picture without the wooden furniture (on the very right side) it would be a subject-less image correct. same way, we can frame every image of our life with small and simple things.
1 0 SWACCH BHARAT IS THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS THE SWASTHA BHARAT. IT MEANS THAT CLEAN INDIA IS THE FIRST STEP TOWARDS THE HEALTHY INDIA.
0 0 We are blessed with 12 Jyotirlings across the country. I recently had the good fortune to visit Triambakeshwar Nashik. While the experience inside the temple was one of divinity, i was extremely disturbed to see a wine shop selling alcohol & people consuming alcohol in the open within 500 m from the main temple. How can our authorities give wine license closer to a historic place like this? Have we turned so materialistic that we lost any semblance of sanity and sanctity?How can we correct this?
0 0 The best time to visit Cuttack (Odisha) is during the festivals. the beautifully ornamented idols are a major attractions. In Cuttack most idols are adorned with silver and gold jewelry. #IncredibleIndia
2 0 #IncredibleIndia Sikkim
0 0 Royal Couple Prince William And Kate Visits Kaziranga National Park In Assam
0 0 National Park kazironga in assam.
2 0 Ratnagiri, Lalitgiri and udayagiri tour..
0 0 All the cricket 'lovers' should prefer to plant & conserve saplings & trees all across India.
0 0 NO cricket should be allowed anywhere in India at least till next winter. IPL or any other cricket match from March to May spoil the students' study program every year indiscriminately. PLUS, water is far more important than cricket in the drought-hit India.All the cricket 'lovers' should prefer to plant & conserve saplings & trees all across India.
0 0 India does not want even 1 inch of Pakistani soil, but at least, we can destroy all its terror outfits like Lashkar & Jaish without any prior warning. Such dashing step will deter all the future terrorists to commit any anti-India nonsense. Unfortunately Pakistan's common people full of youngsters is ruled by power greedy ISI & the Pakistani army.
0 0 Printed booklets- giving basic info and pictures on tourist places within state should be easily available at all state capital rly stns and ISBT. They should contain info on bus/ train facilities, timings, cabs availability and fares; hotels/ eating places and markets. Booklets should provide addresses for booking offices including phone, web/ e mail etc. Reasonably priced booklets will increase awareness and desire among people to visit these places and the ease of bookings etc.
0 0 Every state govt should have a higly developed and always updated website about tourist destinations. This will allow people to access all info about tourist places. Websites should have booking facilities for local hotels, cabs, trains, buses (both private/ govt) to help people make online bookings in advance.
0 0 Railway stations and ISBT of tourist destinations should have Tourism Information Centres. One should be able to get transport from here easily. Hotels and restaurants should be close by. One should get all info about hotel/ cab fares, tariffs, bus/train info at Tourist offices.
0 0 Dear PM sir namaste If we give importance to reverse engineering and look back in our shastras and purans lots of our problems can be solved Jai bharat shasakht_yuba_shaksht bharat
1 0 Please please take begger problem..on your incredible india campaign...
0 0 T.Elango India s truly incredible, she has all places that are more glorious than the places we see in movies.i like to share a pic of puducherry .
0 0 the importance of the features of Swachh Bharat Mission at Shopian town Kashmir is being widely spread out to the masses for making incrdible bharat...
0 0 My house is under the western ghats (Hebri, Mangalor..and my parents are agriculturists.today in the whole village u vl find hardly 10 youths into agriculture.others migrated to cities & further govt is permitting krashars(quarries) ( though they should not) now tell me sir how these old aged people can work on fields this would further discourage agriculturists..if you are really want encourage industry fine..but not at the cost agriculture or people of this country..kindly bring the changes
0 0 Respected Sir, We are presenting a video highlighting climate change https://youtu.be/trFluzNPhig The second video in Eng., titled-"Say no to Contraception & Abortions" (https://youtu.be/oo15vgmeRy8) The llink for the video uploaded in You tube on “global recession”: https://youtu.be/Vu6ebepCJ78 The links for cholesterol is good for you not triglycerides https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jbp_bCtjECE the project proposal link:http://www.ijsrp.org/research-paper-0416.php?rp=P525303 - policy
0 0 Nainital trip
0 1 @PM.IN H,ble Restart the anti junks in conditions to Updates emergings rt prime and reestblishings courts for Honors of the Citizen of India
0 0 India is Incredible in every aspect but its like a Huge Beautiful White Board Uglied by Tiny Black Dots. There is no work needed to make India Incredible. But we have to work on removing the Barriers like Littering, Traffic Discipline, Public Discipline, Spitting, Urinating... The Smart way to work on Removing Barriers is not Fines but Mass Educating Public thro all medias thro Videos & Posters, disrespecting the Person, to Make him Feel Shameful, who Spoils the Vision to Incredible India.
0 0 My India is an INCREDIBLE INDIA. but we need to take some good care of tourist spots where large number of tourists come in huge crowds. We are in need to build a strong law and order for haridwar. we need to make cities like vrindavan nd mathura very clean as of now, so much conjusted they are which makes one unable to gO. we need to make our law and order very strong to eradicate the problem which people day to day face while their visit to places which make my India a INCREDIBLE INDIA.
0 0 1. Give special powers and budgets to the village/town/city administrations for preserving and maintaining the heritage sites 2. Enforce strict rules and penalties to the people who loiter, dump garbage, dump plastic etc. 3. Encourage the eco friendly measures like water conservation, water treatment, recycle, solar energy, green cover, etc 4. Provide the state of the art facilities for the visitors 5. Monetize the facilities by building shops, parks and renting 6. Provide safety 2 visito
0 0 Hi, I wil suggest tht v shld come up with a Govt Site where v will get authenticated info abt all the places in India; there Historical/Natural imp; fantastic pics of place; what all to cover there; Like Delhi - HOHO bus services, start the reasonable travelling services @ all places.. and all this info shud b circulated through the media.. for creating awareness. As only net savvy plp knows abt it. Lastly Infrastructure & cleanliness - very important aspects which needs to be work on..Thanks
0 0 INDIA HAS ALL THE FEATURES OF A CONTINENT WITH PLENTY OF NATURAL RESOURCES. WE HAVE DEVELOP OUR TOURISM BY ALLOTING MORE FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF INFRASTRUTURE ,GOOD FACILITIES WITH ALL AMENITIES, GUIDES WITH ALL WELL VERSED IN FOREIGN LANGUAGES,GOOD QUALITY FOOD ,GIVING DUE RESPECT TO VISITORS, AND MAKING A BOOK OF ALL THE TOURIST SPOTS IN EACH STATE OF INDIA AND SELLING THOSE BOOKS AT EACH TOURISM SPOT, AND PROMTING THE TOURIST PLACES THROUGH PRINT AND ELECTRONIC MEDIA.
1 0 Sir Sri RamanaMaharishi temple in Tiruvannamalai Tamil Nadu, world tourist are coming there & about 3 lakhs people join monthly Full moon day to famous Shiva temple. The Road connecting Bangalore-Tiruvannamalai is very bad past TEN YEARS. I have sent an email to National highways authorities in December 2015. Contract work is going on past 7 years. Still it is not completed. Recently a Singapore couple met with an accident due to very bad roads. I can give more details. Please help.
1 0 Ratnagiri, Udayagiri and Lalitgiri complexes are known as the "Diamond Triangle".
1 0 Ratnagiri, Lalitgiri and Udayagiri
1 0 Together with the Ratnagiri and Udayagiri sites, Lalitgiri is part of Puspagiri University.
1 0 Ratnagiri, Lalitgiri and Udayagiri are the famous Buddhist site in Odisha, India.
0 0 India is indeed a land which can be visited in all seasons and for all reasons this place is perfect.We are having plenty of resources which yet to be discovered, cherished and promoted.Sir we are doing bachelors in travel and tourism and travel management from central university.we are operating a page named 'Traglotrott'.(https://www.facebook.com/Traglotrott-964049320299625/?ref=aymt_homepage_...).We try our level best to provide information about the not so famous destinations.
0 0 India is full with Natural resources, Historical monuments, well culture people, golden sea beach and where people believe guest as GOD i.e. Atithi Devo Bhava . we never try to spread about our country in foreign, As we have a good tradition & culture foreigners or tourists will easily attracted to us.So proposals are 1. No VISA required for USA, European countries, Australia citizen with tourist Aadhar card. and all other will allowed within 15 days.
1 0 The Travel & Tourism Competitiveness Report 2015 ranks India 52nd out of 141 countries overall. The report ranks the price competitiveness of India's tourism sector 8th out of 141 countries.The Ministry of Tourism designs national policies, schemes for the development and promotion of tourism. http://www.newincept.com/central-government-entrepreneur-schemes-for-tou...
0 0 India is small but it has a everything in the world. Many admire India as incredible country. even other foregoer comm to learn our culture but we do vice-versa ... we have everything but don't know to manage anything. The change should come within us that we can improve India
0 0 the incredible is big model of our India. What India doesn't have is unity foreign intervene   us. They always fight for religion , language and caste with a head officer to ignite the fire. Most people are unaware of themselves (including me) and others think they cannot change us but at least  change them. So are the brain drain concept. where somebody uses our techniques and sell finished qoods to us.....
0 0 Creating original science( no claims of ancient science) starting from foundations without following western science but based on our ancient knowledge is the best way India can regain its knowledge leadership in the world.Nothing has been done to disprove Vedas--but we have failed so far to create original science & technology based on vedic knowledge which solves problems faced by and created by Western scientific knowledge.Support such intiatives pl
0 0 dear Sir... for govt employees u will gv u pay scale with high salary but private sector they will giving low salary please look at for these
0 0 Pranam world ke sabse bade lok tantra k chalak ko Sir yeh pictures northeast Assam ke Umrongso ke hain hum is jagah ko develop karna chahte hain but koi saadhan hamare paas nahi hain Hum Internet ke sahare hospitality aur tourism ko samajh Kar is sudoor ilake mein foreign tourist ko hospitality dete hain This place has high potential in eco, adventure and cultural tourism Please visit our beautiful Umrongso Dhanyabaad Atulya bharat Jai bharat Shaksham yuba gauravmaan bharat
1 0 People must be made aware about the places which are not well know like the Humayun Tomb which has gained importance in the recent past. Pictures and Vital Information should be shared with people so that they get interest in visiting these places
0 0 Unless the taxes on travelling related industries are not relaxed especially the Aviation Sector then people would prefer to go to foreign countries as they would have to bear the same expenses or would be cheaper than travelling in India
0 0 Dear friends, the summer is approaching and lot many of you are planning to visit the hill stations of north but I would like to request you to kindly visit the places of NORTH EAST too. This part of the country is culturally rich with lot many scenic places and hill stations. It is a peaceful place and please remove all your doubts. A unique culture with the blend of modernity will help to make this INDIAN  part an #INCREDIBLE INDIA!!!
0 0 Come summers and a lot many of us head towards Simla. What a place... The best part of visiting Simla is the journey through Toy Train. Have a look.
0 0 Visiting Amritsar is once in a lifetime experience. A look at the great Golden Temple and Jalianwalah Bagh.
0 0 Sir Govt should orgnize camps in the Association of Doctors, Advocates, CA And other professional so that people came to know about the tourist spot and packages and encourage them to visit in India in vacations rather than go Abroad to save the foreign currency. Sir i hv plan for this . Adv. Harsh Makker Gen, Sec. Faridabad Income Tax Bar Association.
1 0 THE THRISSUR POORAM--The most spectacular temple festival in the world was held on 17 April 2016 in Thrissur, Kerala, India..The 36-hour-long festival was marked by colourful fireworks, percussion instruments and parading of 50 caparisoned elephants.
0 0 Modiji : such a system should be launched for women's safety--it seems very easy; ofcoures this needs to be ppromoted for use Jessica Ladd: The reporting system that sexual assault survivors want http://www.ted.com/talks/jessica_ladd_the_reporting_system_that_sexual_a...
0 0 Dear sir, govt schemes cannot reach with the people properly.so they cannot get benefit form it.as railway ministry have fitted monitors in every railwayplatform for people,govt schemes and policy should be advertise there..by which people can be aware about govt policy...and govts purpose towards citizen can be fulfilled
0 0 Dear Sir - Yes India has a lot to offer and tourism is a sector which can offer enormous employment opportunities locally. However eventhough there has been improvement in terms of accessibility and information, the improvement at ground level seems to be very slow and poorly coordinated. Recently I took a group of American friends on a tour of Cochin and 'incredible' Hampi and look what I found- plastic garbage being burnt in the elephant camp, broken toilets and broken lighting in Hampi.SAD.
0 0 Dear Sir please have a look towards road connectivity I come from a small district called Gonda in UP . The worst condition I have ever seen of the roads in this part of UP . almost no roads .
0 0 Also roads in Tirupati will be just smaller,full traffic,also no proper plantation of trees,water projects & in particular most of regions of AP right now it's Kurnool,Anantapur,Ongole,Chittoor west are facing water problems.So Siddheswaram project we need.Also water should be stored.And atlast to increase tourism,in personal I feel trains should come, for me these trains- Tirupati-Varanasi,Tirupati-Dwaraka since people of AP love Kashi,Dwaraka.These trains can cover most AP regions that's why.
0 0 Sir,if I tell about tourism sector in AP,really there is much.But there are some problems.For example,I will take Tirupati as an example which attracts more tourists due to more locations & pilgrimage centre.But speaking truth,it is facing several problems such as CONGESTION in railway platforms(no increment of platforms just 5-train will halt so much time in nearby premises,proper growth isn't there,Smuggling I needn't to tell(no trench nor manufacturing nor research nor stoppage),still many..
0 0 Transform the qulaity of undergraduate education with evidence based education as this nobel laureate suggests as it will reduce research funding over time http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2016/04/14/465729968/a-nobel-laureates-ed...
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov Hope to see incredible India in true sense Not just in glossy posters Been to Vaeanasi for famous Ganga Aarti .. Surrounding was so dirty and lack of basic aminities like wash rooms ..fail to understand role of local administration like Collector, Health Officer and Tourism Dept .. Managed (rather mismanaged) by bunch of incompetent folks .. I don't know on what moral grounds they are in job...felt ashemed in front of few foreign touris
1 0 Joranda Gadhi, Dhenkanal (Odisha).#IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
1 0 Joranda Gadhi is a temple built in the Dhenkanal Town of Odisha dedicated to the Sunya Brahma or the shapeless lord. It is a group of temples.  The temple was built in the early 20th century, but the shrine existed from the early 14th century. It is the Samadhi Peetha of Mahima Goswami, who spread the Mahima Dharma. On the way to Joranda, one can experience the beauty of nature. Every year, Maagha mela attracts many ascetics. Joranda Gadi is a sacred place to be visited.#IncredibleIndia
0 0 #IncredibleIndia,Since Tirupati(City of Divine) in AP is the most tourist place of AP.Tirumala temple,Talakona waterfalls,ISKON Tirupati,Jungle Book,DivyaRamam, Kapilatheertham waterfalls,Srikalahasti,Padmavati temple,SHAR nearby,Horsley hills,Kailasakona-Tumburu theertham,Natural stone arch,Science centre,Papavinasham,Aakasa Ganga,Sheshachalam Biosphere,TTD Gardens,Sricity,Chandragiri fort,Kanipakam temple,Pulicat & if Govt proposes Durgarajupatnam port,still it attracts more tourism
0 0 #IncredibleIndia,#MannkiBaat,#MinistryofTourism,#MyGoAP is a state which has many places to attract tourism.Tirupati-City of Divine,Vizag-City of Destiny(both Tirupati,Vizag have more though),Lepakshi(Anantapur),PapiKondalu,Talakona waterfalls,Araku valley,Horsley hills,Sriharikota,Kakinada,Kurnool(Srisailam Jyotirlinga),Nagayalanka(near- Vijayawada),Konaseema,Kadapa's Darga,Gandikota fort,Puttaparthi,SV National Park,Kailasakona waterfall,Ongole bulls,Rajahmundry bridge,nallamalla forest
0 0 1. showing a vision. this can be done thru pics of some of the foreign or Indian villages such as ena gaam near surat or jayapur. 2. finding uniqueness in village to act tourist. 3. proper covering of all open drainages. this should be mandatory and specification of draimage shall be done equivalent nation wide to ensure quality.4. all village sarpanch shall get training for betterness of village in specific format. best performer shall be rewarded and worst one shall be declared.
0 0 Kamalanagar lake at Ajwa Rd.Vadodara, needs to be deepened to store more water. The work of deepening seems to be halted.Needs cleaning of rain water chennal. Lake needs cleaning. Please do some thinking on it before monsoon.
0 0 1 of 353 A Human Apprehension to world leaders - Can someone unlock this message to the world?
0 1 must read once
0 0 keeping meeting with govt authorities and foreign deligates at new tourism spot in india and lets media cover this and show the worls there are many things in India to visit . for example if Any PM or Preisdent of any country is coming to India and govt keep a program at Khajjiar, often called as India’s Switzerland, is a hill station in Chamba District of Himachal Pradesh. The hill station is picturesquely set in the midst of magnificent ‘Deodar’ forests. these will show world Offbeat area
0 0 a public appeal in this regard so that other temples shall do the same.
1 0 Dear Modiji thank you so much for the support and help offered in paravoor fireworks tragedy.It was a shocking incident as no sound of crackers was heard even during Vishu.it was assumed that almost 8 lakh rupees was spend on fireworks.i would suggest that we shall give away with fireworks and use this amount for social service activites like,merit schorlarship for poor  students,towards marriage of poor ladies,help to destitute people or even depositing the money in PM s relief fund.Please make
0 0 To: Sir PM Modiji, This is my sincere request to consider my thoughts on Public Transportation facility within our smart Cities.I would suggest that it should be Completely Free for all people staying in those cities. All expenses of public transport should be managed by applying PT Tax to all corporate companies as well as all commercial establishments(restaurants/malls/small scale industries/shops etc.) based on each employee working with them. Please think over this suggestion.
0 0 planting a new tree is good for our environment but conservation of OLDER TREE would be our priority because in the present environmental conditions which so much disturbed/damaged due to MAN MADE INTERFERENCE{MOSTLY BY REAL STATE DEVELOPERS}new PLANTS ARE NOT GROWN TO THAT STATURE as older one WHICH ALWAYS HAS VAST CANOPY WITH GREATER BIOMASS.IF THIS PROBLEM IS NOT ADDRESSED & REALIZED IMMEDIATELY THEN ONE DAY WE WILL FIGHT FOR 'OXYGEN' like the recent water crisis.WHICH OUR GOVT. DON'T SUPPLY.
0 0 Honble' P.M. Sir your constituency has great potential for cultural TOURISM. I HAVE SPENT MY YOUNGER AGE IN VARANASI. SARNATH IN VNS IS A GREAT PLACE AND IS CONNECTED TO VNS RAILWAY STATION. FROM TOURISM POINT OF VIEW A MONORAIL/TOY-TRAIN IS REALLY GOOD IDEA BETWEEN VARANASI JUNCTION TO SARNATH STATION.
0 0 HISTORICAL TOURISM SUGGESTION: India's unique strength is its great history. We can use it to boost our international and domestic tourism. Govt can invite tenders on PPP basis to develop a village per kingdom within its area to present history in all glory. The village should be developed to showcase all aspects of the kingdom including palace, popular wars (field), capital, a village, etc, and sell artefacts of those times by local craftsmen. Apart from earning a lot, it can employ villagers.
0 0 Planting a tree can provide job to many people as well as source of income to Government. This can be used alternate way for "Clean India Mission". So many things are inter-related to One Idea. Hope some one from the Modi govt will contact me for more details.
0 0 Why can't the Govt Initiate a plan to plant a tree at every Individual house or apartment? If one  house plant one different kind of fruit tree at their premises and care for It, Within 5 to 10 Years down the lane they can see lot of differences in their lives. I have a very good plan to make this idea a grand success, which will make people take it as challenge to grow a tree. Which even gives India a beautiful environment, beautiful future. If Govt really interested Please let me know.
0 0 Honorable Prime Minister: My  Prayers first All your efforts to bring Retarded India forward is commendable. a) Pls sir let your broadcast department to advice local Newspapers to print the Excerpts.  Radios to disseminate the high lights on your talk. so it would reach all.  I personally tried many times to listen to radio, but the work schedule makes it impossible.  Pls have MULTI MODALITY BROADCAST  so your message reach common man like me.  just today i came across this web.
0 0 Beautiful Hyderabad
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov, #Kerala, #backwaters, #god'sowncountry, #Pune, #Mumbai, #India, #Delhi, #Lotustemple, #Shanivaarwada, #rockgarden, #Chandigarh
0 0 #incredibleindia, #Kashmir#, #Gulmarg, #MinistryofTourism, #MyGov, #Indianwinter, #MannkiBaat
0 0 Yes Tourism industry can boost our economy as it affects people at all the levels. One thing I would like to state that government should focus on reducing travel fare especially of Railway,as most of the people afford to travel by Railway. Hike in fare of Railway tickets impacted the frequency of travelling of people. Its been more than a year since Railway hiked the fare yet there is nothing benevolent for common people. Fare of General & Sleeper coaches should be reduced to promote tourism.
0 0 I think 'Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna' needs to be done more efficiently.
0 2 Sir why cant we make a law in india to improve indian economy .that during marriages between couple one should be rich and other should be poor.means a poor girl or boy should marry a rich boy or a rich girl ..this can improve our indian economy.
1 0 sory to post here and sory to ask hon'ble priminister, why are you not reducing the subsidies and other expenses of MP's benefit and canteen subsidies, benefit which they are used out of our tax and the free travel benefits and pension for life etc..which are discussing in social medias rather than GIV IT UP - i am not using the lpg subsidy with out givitup "
0 0 I just watched your 18th edition of "Mann ki Baat" and you covered for promoting Indian tourism.Yes, our country is far behind in tourism as compared to the world But has the one of the highest potential of developing it.It is just that we are not able to tap that potential.In my attachment I have few suggestions to boost our toursim.
0 0 The grandeur of Golden Temple.
0 0 Impose fine on spitting and throwing garbage on public spaces which degrades the beauty near tourist places.Tourist police be there at all prominent monumental space to ensure safety especially of female tourists.
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov Tourist  destinations with ancient temples need better infrastructural facilities like good access roads, transport facilities, airports, modern hotels, restaurants to attract Indian and foreign tourists.
2 0 Indian values their religions and god ...in form of their parents ...and families..
0 0 My Name is virendra sharma warking the study Indian or U p shochh bharat abhiyan In the made bary bary Luck in india
0 0 Herewith enclosed the Swamy Sri Renganathar photos who is in Srirangam, one of the most popular Vaishnava God place. This place is near by Tiruchy Tamil Nadu. It is the 1st vaisnava god place known as heaven in earth.
0 0 Pl introduce tollfree phone number to the welfare and development of employees in private companies
0 0 Sir please create a 'Swachbarat' DUST BIT to every tourism places that help all places clean, Because 'Precautions is Better then Clean' this make people to became good being and humanity.  And please provide a drinking water to all places.
1 0 GOI should implement strict rules to reduce corrupt practice.
0 0 Make education standards uniform across India in their local language
0 0 Give Adhar number to orphans, streetside people, refugees
0 0 GOI should always support individuals to become enterpreneur to take care of their needs of hometown
0 0 GOI should enforce laws to maintain good traffic,cleanliness, smoking & drinking at public places and it will avoid huge problems of our country
2 0 My campaign to Guwahati,Assam and Alampur near Karnool Nalla Malla Forest
0 0 sir I am a villager of Thoubal district of Manipur. At my countryside a large estate have taken by state govt. For the ongoing project of mega tourist khongjom, but without any official notification nor a fair compensation. so if you look into this matter knowing the grievance of our villager we will thanks in short favour u.
0 0 sir I am a villager of Thoubal district of Manipur. At my countryside a large estate have taken by state govt. For the ongoing project of mega tourist khongjom, but without any official notification nor a fair compensation. so if you look into this matter knowing the grievance of our villager we will thanks in short favour u.
0 0 Sir  me apko 100 cr Rs per day  dilva sakta ho   jis se hum desh ki seva kar sektey h jo paise hume mangne patey h ya desh k khajane s laine patey
1 0 Would like to build good schools which would enable kids to understand the importance of organic and healthy farming. Keeping their surroundings neat and clean. Develop positive attitude towards life and humanity, Emotional intelligence. A Healthy place to study and grow physically, emotionally, mentally steady and strong self sustaining kids. Kindly give me an opportunity.
0 0 Mr.Prime Minister, I am  a CA student.My request for you is ,please avoid private intervention in this course especially in training and providing training to students.Please avoid private institutions robbery in this course and government must take it into their hands and develop the course as equivalent to IIM's.T he unqualified people are entering into the course and spoiling its image and structure.Please develop this course andf helpus...
2 0 #Incredibleindia #mygov #ministryoftourism #mannkibaat i visited Kashmir. The first thought which came to my mind was why did i waste so much of time in visiting probably the most beautiful part of our country. I was even more impressed with the warmth and affection of the locals, who were kind, helpful and welcomed us with a lot of heart. The purity of the nature was the most striking aspect. I have shared my experiences with all my friends and have requested them to visit Kashmir once
0 0 3.At Kochi 4.At Hyderabad 5.At Thekady,backwaters of Kerala 6.Exhibits at Sagar ....worth seeing
0 0 1.At Ravenshaw college,cuttack. 2.At Guruvayoor temple Trissur
0 0 Public sector employees only exhibit "baap ka mal hai " attitude; unless they are companies and can be wound up there should be no public sector in most areas except where loss is the norm and strategy is the basis.It can be that government is a shareholder but never the business/commercial manager as it only promotes corruption--as in banks; public sector banks have failed to give credit to small and poor and reach out to unbanked;this is the case in all areas where govt runs business
0 0 Prime Minister Narendra Modi gives lots of emphasis on travelling and tourism. That's a good spirit and I support it fully. If the PM wants that every Indian should travel to the length and breadth of the magnificent country cqalled then he should take drasticsteps to make it very, very convenient and affordable. As of today tourism is not affordable; hotels are costly, good foood is out of reach of common man, local conveyance is neither affordable not honest and travel cost too is quite high.
0 0 Some popular Indian cuisine that most of relish most. These food items are fondly prepared by Indian housewives in their kitchens while sometimes we also go out to savour some delicacies in a local restaurant. #indianfood, indiankitchen, #kadhirice, #chanabhatura, #dosa
0 0 Rename India to Bharat which is healthier and less polluted and stronger and rooted
0 0 Drought is the best reason to link drought prone rivers and flooding rivers---make this a national mission--so Assam and Bihar do not suffer floods;also use for inland water transportation
0 0 http://phys.org/news/2016-04-microbots-polluted.html  Microbots can clean up polluted water April 11, 2016 by Lisa Zyga feature--sue this technology and clean up polluted Ganga pl
0 0 #IdeasonSmartWater#MannkiBaat
0 0 Mahe is a city situated near to Kozhikode in Kerala, though it comes under Pondichery Unionn Terrritory.  The city is virtually sitting on an inferno.  In one and half KM stretch of Highway where the city is situated there are hundreds of liquor shops and Petrol Bunks and both these are sandwitched by cracker shops.  A small spark will destroy the entire area as all these are situated abetting each other.  You can collect intelligence reports on this and see another inferno do not occur here.
0 0 Today we have organised energy saving gosthi, because energy must be necessary of all, because without energy life is not possible. So we have totally focus on honable prime minister moto on giving knowledge about energy making and distribution , which every people think about energy saving.
0 0 Modi sir you really have strong faith in worship and most of the people in our country have strong believe in worship.Here the picture for Karni Mata Mandir,Nokha,Rajasthan full of Kabas in the temple and they never go out from the temple.It is very old temple and wonderful to visit.Those kabas are now a days becoming very weak due to our bad quality of food,so this strong consideration required for the Kabas.(Kabas-Rats)-sorry pic could not uploaded due to size limit-sir please increase size.
0 0 I witnessed special compartmemts in our raolways of spevially abled. It was encouraging to see such initiayives. But soon i realized that effort & its purpose had been defeated. Our stations still have overhead bridges to cross over to reach the desired platform to board the trains, no escalators, etc. that could provide easy access to the citizens, senior or young, abled or specially abled. Request our govt to take necessary steps to make this a reality.
0 0 Prince William and Kate's visit to India: PM Modi Ji- people like them should not be allowed to officially visit slums as the British Media follows them everywhere and they show the pics of slums extensively thus defaming India. All our developments in technology like "Mars Mission" get over riden by these pics showing how these people live in shit. Western media loves these pics and we NRI get ashamed infront of our western counterparts. Media makes people believe most Indians live like this.
0 0 There are very good places worth seeing in Indian States but amount of filth which is lying everywhere needs tobe controlled . All visitors are requested not to litter everywhere and keep all in dust bins Incredible India We must ourselves recognise the power within us
0 0 I am sharing some pictures from the double decker living root bridge of Meghalaya. Double-decker root bridge are unique in the world.I went their with my friends and it was most adventurous trip for us. We traveled through thousand of stairs and very dense forest.On the way we pass through many small falls and rivers and passing above them through the narrow bridges made of steel rods and woods was a different experience. Come Meghalaya to see a unique form of nature!!!
0 0 From east to west, north to south, the colours of our nation are too vibrant to be captured in any frame. It is simply "Incredible India"!
0 0 Hi Sir, I don't have images to make a feel of the beautiful south India, but I observed a kind of discrimination in comparison with the tourism spots with other parts of the country. Monument like Charminar, Golcondo Fort etc., situated in Hyderabad are barely ignored in promoting the national tourism. I request you to please have a look on this. Thank You, A responsible citizen of India.
1 0 respected sir for healthy life we need healthy food but every vegetable fruit & grain are full of fertilizer & pesticides in the race of growing farmers are using more & more urea & pesticides,our foods are toxic and people are getting ill serious ill please restrict use of fertilizer & pesticides
1 0 sir namaskar pass an ordinance to stop summer paddy crop in up and uttrakhand to save ground water.ground water is pumping 24 hours to grow summer paddy crop and water level is going down and down. many people in country are suffering lac of water.please save water and stop summer paddy crop
0 0 Can we do something special and specific this summer to attract huge inflow of tourists in Kashmir. It is the need of hour, people over there do not know how much potential they have to earn money and also praise for their hospitality. Some kind of incentive to people of India (just one for e.g. Tax holiday on the money spent in Kashmir etc)  Also, if this does not harm peace process, tourists may like to take Indian Tricolor and hoist every where in Kashmir.
0 0 Respected Sir Here I focus some points regarding calculation of taxes on various groups in our country. I assume that lots of Doctors are doing private practise in their clinic they are taking their fees in cash amount by every patient and very few are giving printed receipt of their fees . So how Income tax dep. Valuate actual Income of a Doctor of per day because there is no evidence how many patient they have seen in a day and how much charge to a patient.pls compulsary printed bill.
1 0 I don't know if it is possible but can we develop & use technology used in roller coaster which works on gravity and momentum instead of fuels like petrol, diesel and gas to transport goods from one place to another. If we can build infrastructure with magnet repellent,rubberband techniques to pull up the trains and then have the tracks built in a way that it runs on gravity and momentum than we can save a lot of cost,  pollution and traffic. Thank you.
0 0 http://m.navbharattimes.indiatimes.com/business/business-news/prime-mini... Please stop bank management to assign such stupid loss making tasks to over burden employees. Also do needful for small loan defaulters. Willful defaulters.
0 0 1.Free Medicals to BPL families, Senior Citizens, Unemployed Youths 2.Electricity, Water and Shelter for all 3.Free education to BPL families 4.Good infrastructure: Good Mode of transport and Communication to all and every corner of India. 5. Remove the Word "Minorities and Reservation" and introduce: BPL or above
0 0 1. All citizens pay their taxes once it becomes liable 2. All people should get employment through skill India 3. Skill India should concentrate on Manpower for Infrastructure and agricultural Development i.e. Electricians, Plumbers, Masons, Housekeeping, Food and Beverage Services, Skilled labour for agricultural activities etc. 4. Make changes in the law of land to suit citizens 5. All citizen follow Law of the Land 6. Free medical to BPL families,Senior citizens and Unemployed youth
0 0 Respected sir, I am an NRI who moved to India to set up a factory in Kandla SEZ, Gujrat . The kandla port has just become the first port to cross 100 million ton handling capacity. It is a very important place in India's international trade activity. Still there is no air connectivity from delhi or Mumbai. This is one of the biggest port and to reach kandla takes minimum 5 to 7 hours from delhi. If it becomes easy to reach kandla a lot of international  trade will be easily completed.
0 0 Bharatvarsha from centuries have a rich heritage. But with the time forts,cities, culture etc. were lost. All these can be revived to preserve our incredible heritage for which we are known to the world.These can be done with the participation of private bodies like industries,institutions,citizens,along with the government bodies. We in turn generate employment who will work for the revival.Once done we can showcase as our golden heritage and enhance tourism.
0 0 Making. Football a  popular game is  not. So. Easy.we. Have.   the   talent   source   but  have   not  correct  info. About. Football.many  in. Our. Country  think  it. Is. Hard. To. Play.making of council  which cuntinously  watched. Under  a special  groups. Consist  of  former  indian  football players. Of  ind from  each. State (compulsoury) can. Bring  next. World. Foot ball legends  to  the. World if The Did  not consider their. Particular. Group.nor-east  states and. South are in. India
0 0 Regarding Indian team coming in fifa - we shd make soccer compulsory in every school on the willingness of students. And we shd create a team every year from various competition around India and shd share those names for higher level of training with intnl legends and those who are eligible as per legends we shd start one intnl school level football tournament by which we can see our skills and  become professionl as per world from young age and one day India can qualify for sure in worldcup.
0 0 Another way of making country smart is to install the solar panels with consent of all big firms all over nation which are tall towers and they require more electricity also. So by installing solar panels this can be used by same towers in most places like washroom and passage and in cafetarea. so that there will be less electricity as solar energy is free.Usage and this consumption of electricity can be used in village area which is required and this will automatically add to rural development.
1 0 I think we should think about climatic changes nowdays which is leading to humidity and nonseasonal rains and effectng our farmers. Mainly bec of deforestration for building of roads and building. So we should create a plan/LAW where we shd see to it that every builder shd giv some percent of land to greenery in every project and if there is any cut of trees it should be planted in an open grnd in same city. this might make the city more eco friendly and make our air pollution free.
1 0 I see that we have lots of mind and talent in Jail. We have all sort of skilled people in there and their skills are going waste, which can be used to build our nation. Consider how much money our governments expend on maintenance of government offices towards electrician, plumber, computer operators, carpenters, etc. All government offices should be maintained using prison resources. This will save lots of nation’s money. Elaboration in attachment.
0 0 governance more people-friendly.
0 0 governance more people-friendly.
0 0 governance more people-friendly.
0 0 So I support Smart City Proposal.
0 0 Support Smart City mission of Chandigrah.
0 0 the citizens shall have free access to internet to avail the government services.
0 0 the citizens shall have free access to internet to avail the government services.
0 0 And it will be possible only if we talk more about it.  So go start this movement and make it the talk of our town. Everyone should participate.
0 0 And it will be possible only if we talk more about it.  So go start this movement and make it the talk of our town. Everyone should participate.
0 0 Step forward and help the cause of making it a Smart City.
0 0 but cities like Chandigarh.
0 0 This confluence shall touch every aspect of city life.
0 0 large parking areas into plazas.  Now that is smart!
0 0 Opening a world of opportunities for budding entrepreneurs. Come Chandigarh unleash your enterprise!
0 0 Opening a world of opportunities for budding entrepreneurs. Come Chandigarh unleash your enterprise!
0 0 , our agenda for the future.
0 0 We have to set an example, lead the way.
0 0 , our agenda for the future.
0 0 , our agenda for the future.
0 0 , making things easier...and smarter.
0 0 Step forward be a part!
0 0 Step forward and help the cause of making it a Smart City.
0 0 Step forward and help the cause of making it a Smart City.
0 0 So now it should be our mission to give shape to this vision.
0 0 And that means accelerated pace of development.  This will also ensure proper planning, appraisal and implementation of our vision.
0 0 , make sure it’s the Smart City of new generation India.
0 0 Good for our future.
0 0 So I support Smart City Proposal.
0 0 but it will definitely make life better and more convenient.
0 0 but it will definitely make life better and more convenient.
0 0 This confluence shall touch every aspect of city life.
0 0 the citizens shall have free access to internet to avail the government services.
0 0 the citizens shall have free access to internet to avail the government services.
0 0 This confluence shall touch every aspect of city life.
0 0 but it will definitely make life better and more convenient.
0 0 , heritage of our City Beautiful our Chandigarh.
0 0 , heritage of our City Beautiful our Chandigarh.
0 0 Step forward and help the cause of making it a Smart City.
0 0 Opening a world of opportunities for budding entrepreneurs. Come Chandigarh unleash your enterprise!
0 0 , a knowledge hub for India.
0 0 Let's think smart!
0 0 And that's good for all.
0 0 Let's think smart!
0 0 Opening a world of opportunities for budding entrepreneurs. Come Chandigarh unleash your enterprise!
0 0 large parking areas into plazas.  Now that is smart!
0 0 but it will definitely make life better and more convenient.
0 0 Automated and connected backend in government departments make government services almost instantly available. Isn't that great?
0 0 Chandigarh is our sustainable habitat...a happy city a SMART CITY.
0 0 Sector-17 is the heart of Chandigarh.
0 0 With Wi-Fi zones and hubs,
0 0 We're reading about a Special Purpose Vehicle for implementation of the Chandigarh Smart City project.
0 0 agar primary school aur high achool me bhi railway ki tara fdi lakkar uska infrastructure thk kia jae to bohot a66a hoga.
0 0 Most Important/Urgent.
0 0 Mr PM need just 60 sec talk if you can on +919820307059 for a Secure India
0 0 Hello am new here so found this place to input my thought I have an idea to keep our country safe from any terror where and how do I get to put this
0 0 janni janm bhoomi Bharat... Bharat maa k sees ka mukut jammu me maa vaishno devi dhaam.. its seems to me to touch n feel nature God together..
1 0 Jabalpur, The sanskardhani is very beautiful city specially the bank of Narmada.....Its ossam!
0 0 when we are generating 3 children in every 2 seconds and we are unable to feed the existing population. there is nothing incredible . Hope charismatic PM may do some thing to stable the population of humans.
0 1 PM and central cabinet should not be engaged in state elections. I feel very sorry when PM of this country is doing campaigning for the election instead of doing important national jobs.
0 1 PM Sir, Plz give the reservations in age relaxation to womans in all govt. vacancies bcoz they need it.Womens give their crusial time period to their families so they deserve it.If u can give age relaxation to sc/st/obc etc. of 5 years then why not womens?
0 0 My suggestion for government to develop ropeway transport for our hill areas it help to increase tourism's and safe to travel.
2 0 Maharashtra is a beautiful state, especially during monsoon. Visit a small hill town called 'Panalah' around 35 kms. from Kolhapur. It is indeed a mini Switzerland during monsoon and arguably one of the finest small destinations for a weekend trip. Lovely place within nature. Incredible Panalah...Incredible India!!
0 0 Safe walking,is the need of the hour.To have a sight of Incredible India, the central business districts need to close all traffic, allow only walking freely.
1 0 I visited North East recently in the last week of December. Gangtok - it was such a nice place, entire city is neat and clean and even the hearts of people also. They are very good. It's a place one must not miss visiting. There is a lot to learn. Each and every individual shows his/her concern for the society which is clearly visible. They even don't use horns of vehicles unless it is really needed. And so the place is peace and calm.
0 0 Culture of the particular region also need to be promote before the tourist. The local/folk song/dance and other activities to be displayed to the tourists. this will help the local people and the tourists will also get the information about the place. thus we can also save our ancient and great culture.
2 0 India is the land of diverse culture and amazing natural beauty. North East, and a number of remote place of India enclosing natural beauty in its best. Those area should be promoted in terms of infrastructure, connectivity and advertisement.
0 0 "You must pass through Karma and Bhakti before you can reach Jnana"--Swami Vivekananda
1 0 Unless Indian cities get walking friendly and clean air friendly Indians will suffer from diabetes and other lung and throat complications;also unless title (it could be for time slot)for car parking is shown car cannot be bought must be a rule in some cities like Chennai where accident deaths are so high;ranking cities by walker friendliness,environment particulate pollution by area must be necessary
0 1 The Govt under PM Modi is doing great on Macro level. But on Micro level works are not visible. The people in the nation want some thing free gifts from government like free water, laptops, subsidised electricity, cycles, subsidised foods etc etc. Thus the uneducated class and even the s called educated class is not exception. They are least bothered about infrastructure & national security which is prime motive of Govt. To win next election micro level visibility is must.
0 0 Once you launch a number of indices covering all aspects of life in India--opportunities for employment,education,entrepreneurship,clean environment,safety and security,cleanliness etc---make it appropiately mandatory with Digital India--this will all opposition as theyw ill have to react to this;so will media get oriented appropriately; allow radio,internet radio to cover each taluka; allow all open spectrum for such purposes
0 0 If a number of indices are launched it will empower people; it will naturally force politicians to address these issues;you will change politics once and for all and emplower people--take this tigether with digital India you can usher in a revolution
0 0 http://www.ted.com/talks/parag_khanna_how_megacities_are_changing_the_ma... Also connectivity index to other districts/states must be the other index besides measures of power/internet,water,pipelines and so on--this must be done for every village cluster
0 0 For Max governance minimum government--please launch indices for every ditrsict and then every Panachayat/ward(some at district/panachayat/state and national) levels--indices for unemeployment(men/women/educated/skilled),swatchtha,hydrology levels,mortality(child/women),literacy,platform for people to walk,titles for land possession,electricity,toilets,pollution etc; also launch detailed studies of history/language/culture;
0 0 * BJP is failing in all areas to perform like dalit, muslim, kishan(especially), Garib, Black-Money, Rupee value, dearness, pulse price, food price, food quality, Tax burdens, dealing with Pakistan and China, border security, smart cities, cleanliness.. most of everything, everywhere BJP is loosing ground. I request you to revamp the strategy and involve more and more youngsters, reach out to ground and make your voters feel Achhe Din. and keep RSS silent to make any unnecessary comments.
0 0 * Congress is ruling from the opposition and BJP is failing to counter them in all areas. * BJP's good work are no where visible on ground, may be i am wrong but you can't demonstrate it like other parties do for just a small work. You need to work for marketing and highlight big your achievements.
0 0 Though I am BJP supporter as a nationalist Indian, Today i writhing this because I feel shame for voting BJP. i felt regret today the way you handled #NITsrinagar cowardly. * The Deputy CM of JK was shamelessly masking it as Mild Lathi-Charge. which proves that BJP is power hungry party. He has no moral rights to remain deputy CM. we need some tough CM for JK who can deal with PDP and put pressure on them to take tough actions.if you can't turn a small leaf, so better withdraw the support.
0 0 Modi ji Plz develop Special Development free zone with the support of best foreign country like singapore, Canada, Denmark which will be free from all our Indian Laws/ system so that these zone Develops with the speed more than these foreign countries. If ur Good self spare few minutes for me/India I can explain whole Idea to u.
0 0 India is not only diverse in culture but it is diverse in natural beauty too.you can see different facets of nature and its beauty in different states.our India is the only country with world's most accomodating and cooperating environment.India's environment is the one and only best in providing huge bulk of natural ingredients not only to eat but also to treat all ails.India has always been admired as a great country not only in terms of development but also in environmental scenario.thank you
0 0 Sunset at Kovalam Beach Kerala
0 0 Back waters of Kumarakom, Kerala
0 0 Lets make india beautiful - Worlds waiting for beautiful Ram mandir. Regards,
0 0 Tea Estate in Munnar , Kerala State ,India
0 0 At Marina Beach Chennai
0 0 Dear Sir, This regarding our cultural and old heritage issues which will not attract tourism but also imp to save our old construction science which made wonderful konark temple at orissa , This is surya temple and have antique in itself. This was destruct by british initially but later on well appreciated by them about the techniques . My request is only that pls reconstruct or do the needful for damaged parts of the temple which brings suryadev at east . Lets make India Beautiful
0 0 Flower Garden in Munnar, Kerala State, India
1 0 #Surajya "DEFENCE FUND" PM Modi Ji, Jai Jawan, We can't let our soldiers to fight without advanced war equipments. To purchase, we need a huge budget. My humble request is to open a "OPEN DEFENCE ACCOUNT" so that anyone can contribute to it. No mater it's a "BLACK MONEY OR WHITE" and there shouldn't be any tax issues for contributed amount. So that anyone can contribute to strengthen our defence & Nation. Jai Hind
0 0 we request to my PM for look to child adoption process because of in India so many parent want adopt child but adoption centre process is too long and no any proper reply from adoption centre such as "CARA".
0 0 With the support of some Hindu Saints Government should go for announcing a new caste/surname for Hindu Religion like "Jai Hind" and it should be open for every Hindu who believe in equality with in religion. After accepting new surname every Hindu will be equal. No one will know caste of other, no one will know state of other. Only thing they will know the name and surname of Jai Hind.
1 0 So many friends shared their ideas on tourism in India. India is having big potential in Tourism sector. You can create indirect employment in many ways. Kindly give emphasis on Town/City Darshan tour (Ex. Mumbai darshan tour) from Morning to evening we will cover all the tourist places of Mumbai.If this govt give priority to this govt can earn money and same time provide indirect employment in Pvt Travels and Hotels.If we go to Agra we buy show piece Tajmahal, which will create local jobs.
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov. I have visited Bhubnaeshwar temple city, Konark and Puri, temple city. These triangular cities have good historical places to see. The have temples in hoysala constructions. Some of the hoysala construction available in belur , halibedu in karnataka as well.
1 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov. In Tamil nadu I have visited the Kodaikanal very nice hill station and Tanjore for temple city.I shared some of the Kodai photos.
0 0 Abby falls in Coorg, Dhanushkodi and Rayagopura in Melkote added. Thipusultans building is there in Melkote. It is historic place.
1 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov. Below I have attached about coorg pictures. One of the good Hill station in karnataka. Lots are there to see. Abby falls , Madikere par, Nisargadama falls etc are some of the places to see in coorg.Another place is Melkote. It is temple place.But lots of sculptures to see. I have attached some of those phots as well.There Ram's pada called Danushkodi,speaks of the historic value of the struggle for freedom by the country. Very nice place.
0 0 Dear sir. Please look into the matter of NIT Srinagar. The protesting students are brutally beaten by the police. Please take action.
0 0 Dear sir We are facing severe water crisis. We must protect water reservoir by discouraging water based industries specially in dark zones. For example Indian Railway is going to install a Rail Neer plant in Jaipur. Jaipur is already surviving on Bisalpur pipeline and is in Dark Zone.
1 0 Naam Foundation formed by Nana patekar's group did remarkable work of removing silt from river bed track across 365 km track in Marathwada , Maharashtra n just 6 months @ Rs.2.5 Cr. spontaneous peoples participation & support due to his credibility. Govt estimates weer Rs.25 Cr&time 2yrs.Govt officials too responded well. Simillar projects  for water Banks can be completed with such dedication & peoples support. such project completion will be incredible mission in itself.Project Rs.16KCr.
0 0 This summer many parts of India is facing drinking water problem. A JV with resp state & Union Govt,should decide to built a water bank to store 5Cr ltr water bank from rainfall during mansoon.D date 4 site selction 30.04.16, construction b4 31.05.16/30.06.16 as per stages of mansoon advances. Cost will be Rs.1.5 CrX8000 blocks in India Total Rs.16K cr. Water bank successfully opertaing in Ankoli Village Tal Mohol, Dist Solapur, Maharashtraarea despite scanty rain. Cent% compliance of deadlines
0 0 Attaching a picture that was taken by me in the tour of Papikondalu, West Godavari located in Andhra Pradesh. This pic was taken from boat in the early hours of morning. This pic represents the beauty of the Papikondalu through my eyes. Name: Durga Prasad Bonthu Father Name: Late Guru Murthy Full Address: Door No8-6,Indrapalem, Kakinada, East Godavari Dist, Andhra Pradesh. PIN :533006 Age: 29 Years Contact # +91 9985793979 Email ID: bonthudurgaprasad@gmail.com #IncredibleIndia
2 0 Attaching a picture that was taken by me in the tour of Papikondalu, West Godavari located in Andhra Pradesh. This pic was taken from boat in the early hours of morning. This pic represents the beauty of the Papikondalu through my eyes. Name: Durga Prasad Bonthu Father Name: Late Bonthu Guru Murthy Full Address: Door No8-6, Canal Road, Indrapalem, Kakinada, East Godavari Dist, Andhra Pradesh. PIN Code:533006 Age: 29 Years Contact # +91 9985793979 Email ID: bonthudurgaprasad@gmail.com
1 0 Dear Pm, I am writing this as a responsible citizen now a days you know electricity will play hide and seek with us and there is a simple solution our country is blessed with giant solar energy and we are not utilizing it to the best which can be easily done.Big production of electricity is used in lights for traffic and other things which can be easily used by solar light and we can used this saved electricity for whole india to make it light. Iam making project on this. -7042974695
0 0 Respected sir, I'm writing for this for our new generation. Now a days violence & drug addiction growing fast. It makes our young generation in problem. Kindly took a decision to add yoga in syllabus will decrease the violence in young generation. To grow mentally balanced children will help India to win the world. I'm from Alleppey , Kerala. Last 3, 4 days daily news paper shows that school students consume and distribute drugs widely here. My humble request to you please start yoga
1 0 Dear PM This is about the diamond plant to be set in India. Let it not come at the cost of humongous amount of flora and fauna loss. Biodiversity, once lost, it is perished forever. No amount of diamonds can restore the flora or fauna to be spent for this. So, I strongly vote to save the biodiversity rather than in making of diamonds.
3 0 Dear beloved PM, PLEASE DO NOT ACCEPT THE RIO TINTO DIAMOND DEAL. It is going to cost us our greatest wealth, OUR BIODIVERSITY. We need to put our tigers and our natural habitat before diamond mines and everything materialistic. Please do not let them eat a thousand acres of our forests. Please step up against it Thanks
0 0 Respected sir, by keeping our own house and surroundings clean every one can achieve swacha bharath. every one should plant good shade providing and fast growing trees  to control pollution and global warming. but it cannot be achieved one day. what every one sows next generation reaps it so use renewable resources  to save non renewable resources. jai hind
1 0 Our country can legally raise Rs.10Lacs Crores PA @4% for next 5 years form our citizens.This for financing India's Infrastructure projects in Rail Roads Power, Ports Airports, defence Agriculture, Health Education without risking FE outgo. Every projects economic vaibility will be ensured by levying usage charges for its beneficiaries. people will have to deposit compulsorily an amount equal to last year's Tax libility for coming 5 years.Exempted category will not be exempted. My PPP is ready.
0 0 Praesnt Govt responding positively to citizen's just & implimentable ideas, itself will be most incredible India. Restore rate of interest in SCSS. 90% lives on interset only unlike advising Babus who will live on DA linked heafty pension. Scrap form H for avoiding visits to Banks evey year and in scortching heat. Instead chrge TDS @1% on Int income upto age of 80 years. Give farmers Loans to built farm pond for storing rain water &recver thr Ele Market by paying MSP @cost +50% on all foodgarins
1 0 Images of a sunset - Even endings can be beautiful.
1 0 Sir if we can make a cooler water  pump such that pump remains on for 5 minutes and off for next 30 minutes then again on for just 5minutes and off for 30 minutes and so on we can save a huge electricity and water in coming summer season as making pump work for 5minutes is sufficient but we unnecessarily make it work continuously. This will save a huge amount of electricity from crores of cooler and can be a revolutionary idea like the LED . it can easily be implemented by timer switch
1 0 Respected Modi Ji, your are doing fantastic job and million times better than Dr. M M Singh, your predecessor. U hv introduced many new programs, beti bachao, beti padhao / Swatchh Bharat, Jan dhan yojna, Make in India etc. Howevr there needs to be lot done on ground. Things at grass root level not changed. Mosquito killer rackets, LED light series, staplers, etc common items r all made in China...despite of u in office for last 2 yrs, nothing is avl "Made in India" needs serious introspection
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, your are doing fantastic job and million times better than Dr. M M Singh, your predecessor. U hv introduced many new programs, beti bachao, beti padhao / Swatchh Bharat, Jan dhan yojna, Make in India etc. Howevr there needs to be lot done on ground. Things at grass root level not changed. Mosquito killer rackets, LED light series, staplers, etc common items r all made in China...despite of u in office for last 2 yrs, nothing is avl "Made in India" needs serious introspection
0 2 PM please Roll back excise duty on gold. Do not take revange of your failed gold monetization scheme on jwellers. #rollbackexcise
1 0 Dr.Bhim Rao Ambedkar,won't have even imagined that Reservations in Services for the Weaker Sections/Scheduled Castes/Tribes etc being introduced under the constitution,would become a tool with the governments/politicians,for grabbing and retaining political power. Through reservations,he only wanted that the weaker castes/sections could join the main stream,so that all sections of the society could have almost equal status,harmony and live amicably,in independent India.
0 0 Dr.Bhim Rao Ambedkar,won't have even imagined that Reservations in Services for the Weaker Sections/Scheduled Castes/Tribes etc being introduced under the constitution,would become a tool with the governments/politicians,for grabbing and retaining political power. Through reservations,he only wanted that the weaker castes/sections could join the main stream,so that all sections of the society could have almost equal status,harmony and live amicably,in independent India.
0 0 Respected Sir With the help of recycling  clean India  and employment can be created, using the daily India 2 billion plastic bottles is that sanitation mission is interrupted, while we can convert plastic bottles into  plastic wire issues such as unemployed will end and will also clean up thirty percent of India, thank you.
0 0 please read the attachment Sir .
3 0 DEAR SIR, APANI GOVERNMENT SCHOOL KI HALAT MAIN SUDHAR LANA PADEGA. JIS SE KI CHOTA SE CHOTA AADMI AACHI TARAH SE PADH SAKE. AUR EXTRA ACTIVITY SKILL UNKO SCHOOL ME SIKHANE JARURI HAI. JIS SE LOGO KA GOVERNMENT SCHOOL KE DEKHANE NAJARAYA BADLE.
0 0 Cleanliness is Divine.This divinity should be within each person.We are glad that present Govt is coming with good intiatives.devotees also should cooperate in maintaining the cleanliness.I once visited Kaasi , it is one of the sacred place of Hindus but I see that most of the people spitting pan.I have been to  Tirumala,Andhr Pradesh, It is good compared to varanasi..each and every devotee should be accountable.Fine should be imposed if violated. Many countries are imposing fine if violated.
2 0 Just been to town of temples, Ujjain and inore. The cleanliness of Mahakaaleshvar Temple was really impressive. But everywhere else in Ujjain and Indore nobody cared about cleanliness. Nobody gave correct information and drivers especially bullying no respect for women. very bad experience.
0 0 #increadible india have to show big posters in   background of mr PM and internationally important event speeches by external ministry and #moT. To promote and demonstrate our tourism destinations on world platforms. Political Disturbances in west Asia and eastern Europe is the good opportunity for Indian Tourism to attract tourist toward Indian Historic, cultural, Heritage Tourism. Tourism ministry have to promote India as a Royal Wedding destination also. Its god,s blessing v h MODI G
2 0 an excellent initiative by our PM narendra modi....#incredibleindia these photos are of somnath,Gujarat.. a beautiful place where you will the interaction of nature with god. the somnath temple near the arabian sea makes you feel delighted.even one of our union territories which are not very frequently visited by people- Daman and Diu is also a marvellous place with the Portuguese fort which provides you a glimpse of beautiful architecture... and all these places are a must visit!! thankyou
0 0 #IncredibleIndia,#MannkiBaat,#MisitryofTourism,#MyGov Nahargarh fort is located in jaipur,and is atop the aravali mountain range which is one of the oldest mountain system of India.Legend has it that the king of Jaipur,built it in the name of a sage Nahar Singh who came in his dream,and told him to built it in his name otherwise he won't let it stay,as the fort had mysteriously come down on many occasions,so the raja agreed to the prophecy of his dream.The raja had nine queens.
0 0 Sir, During my last visit to South Africa, for power plant consultancy assignment, I was told that they have eradicated mosquito species carrying malaria,dange and other diseases in spite of heavy vegetation and surrounded by other African countries. We should learn from them.
0 0 #sanjaygandhinationalpark #nature #boriwali #mumbai
0 0 Hello,we are tech experts building a tour app that dynamically lets you know of the nearby historical sites(you may set your radius as per your choice).Thus, if you are now to an area and wish to explore it,you need to carry the app and it would keep indicating you of the historical sites. We wish to contribute in making tourists' experience wonderful by aligning the app with government's initiative of #IncredibleIndia. Kindly suggest an appropriate mode.#MannkiBaat#MinistryofTourism#MyGov
1 0 Sir,this is innovation idea to share pics and videos by real visitors. I love my county. It has vast variety of flora and fauna in different parts of our country. I have visited so many places all are unique .I wish to mention Andamans islands. Very beautiful also have great inspiration for our freedom fighters.central jail is must visit.A never ending saga of our national heroes. I bow to them.so many islands like Havelock ,beautiful sea beaches. Radhanagar beach is must visit.
0 0 we are educated and we are the people who are making other countries but we can't create our own country because people who siting on top and people who are siting in ministy they don't have any vision and they dont go inside any other country and see the progress. its very easy to go other country adopt all the good practise and implement in our country but our minister are outdated and our constituion is useless
0 0 i think gov should create continuous improvement department in each ministry. this department will continuously survey people who are taking their service and try to implement 100 initiave every year. we know to understand we are 100 years behind than other countries in technology and improvements. we do not good infrastructure good public transport good advance technology, easy to do business. Every place we are far behind. we are same people who are working in dubai, usa, europe
0 0 we should create Metro in all part of the country. Metro is running on electricity and cars are running on petrol. if we do not provide good public transport people will use car. if you provide good public transport we are less dependent on petrol. After creating good public transport increase parking fees, tax on cars so people will not buy that much car and our coutnry will be less dependent on oil country
0 0 All party under RTI.
1 0 I think our Hovt should launch an App for Incredible India with Every detail of The Tourist Place including Map.Which will help People a lot.
0 0 khuni bhandara in burhanpur m.p shows the importance of water is precious and how to save it and arrengements for the people of city as it is engineering marvel beneath the earth 80 feet under and water source find out and supply through well with air systems for people inarea of 25 km it is world live fresh water cannal and water is purest form 100%mineral water built by abdul rahim khankhana 16 century poet bin pani sab soon his kavita it is world heritage site visit burhanpur mp
0 0 India is having the Great Himalayan Mountain Range and the magnificent view of those snow clad peaks is a beauty in itself. There are many people who  wants to find peace and be away from city life. The remote places of the Himalayas should be developed in the way that they maintain their traditional activities and also away from road heads, ie not making them "hill stations".They will definitely attract the trekkers and adventurers towards them. eg Mana Village nr Badrinath; Bakhim,Sikkim etc .
1 0 Hampi, Karnataka  is an incredibly beautiful place.This is a major tourist attraction among foreign tourists, but not very well visited by Indians. Central Government and Karnataka Government must improve accessibility to Hampi and make it a popular tourist attraction in India also. Indians must be proud of their rich heritage.
0 0 The approach is correct as there are numerous places of tourist interest. But the existing facilities to visit may not be adequate for majority.
1 1 Please read the attached file and do for save paper, money
0 0 An awesome campaign indeed !! The magnificence is sure to lure you @ BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir - Kolkata.  #IncredibleIndia #MyGov
1 0 #AmerFort#IncredibleIndia#MharoRajasthan
0 0 Government to implement some sort of restriction on chines product sale in India to make our economy stronger. Also this is to be done against China openly supporting Pakistan on the ground of terrorism in India. Come on India lets do it.
1 0 The Omkareshwar Jyotirlinga, M.P.
1 0 Sir , Brilliant Idea to utilize old Railway Coaches for small bridges
1 0 Sir , Brilliant Idea to utilize old Railway Coaches for small bridges
1 0 Another Spiritual Moment from "Incredible Kashi: Images of Maa Ganga Aarti - Best Moment early in the morning (at Assi Ghat) and in the evening (at Dashashwamedh Ghat). [Images : Subah-E-Banaras (at Assi Ghat : 5:30 AM to 7:30 AM) & Maa Ganga Aarti in the Evening at Rajendra Prasad Ghat] #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 Images from "Incredible Kashi" : Assi Ghat - From where Prime Minister Narendra Modi initiated "Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan" in Varanasi. Cleaned parts of Assi Ghat & invited 9 people to join Swachh Bharat Mission. A Must visit place for tourists now a days, "Paryatak Mitra" always there to assist you in exploring "Best of Kashi". #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 Want to see here "Picture E Booklets" of Ram Vanvas tourism circuit and Mathura to Dwaraka tourism circuit with details images distance boarding facilities charges maps etc all
0 0 This the govt is  for the people by the people on records hats off to my Honorable PM of India
0 0 #IncredibleIndia Maagodu falls in dry season Shirasi, Karnataka
0 0 In tourism industry Places of Pilgrimage ,Archeological s survey of India  Historical Places the Hotels Are having their own Check in & check out time,This causes inconvenience to Pilgrims and Tourist visiting the places and they are forced to pay more then their time of stay / Purpose of stay. Taking into account the Local temple timing and Dharshan  I request My Honorable PM to Publish a G.O in place of Pilgrims visit the hotel to charge on 24hrs or from time of arrival for room rent
0 0 #IncredibleIndia Sathoddi falls Sirsi, Karnataka
0 0 Modi Ji, u doing well but I would like to focus on some thing which will helpful for every one, in train, all the passengers applied for reservation to be done, no tatkal required, coaches should be added more for who applied reservation. For poor people please do facility for allotment of seat number in general coaches so there will no rush if required more coaches than should be added. Bharat Mata Ki Jai
0 0 Skill Development: For Skill Development we need to establish some Skill development centers in well developed industry region like Pune, Chennai, Banglore, Delhi, Hariyana & Gujrat for Degree passout students. The Training fees should kept be minimum as possible .Student should get industrial experience thro collaboration with industries, privet institutes. The centers should run under central government .Courses Like Technical Training, Management courses,Foreign languages, Computer courses.
0 0 Last Decade for popullation measurement we had invested 2200 coror Rs. Using Mobile App we will "Jan Ganana " we will show Population digitaly & Reduce the cost of Population Measurement . In attached File i have give basic Mobile App Requirement. Please have a look .
0 0 I have suggest plan for Swachh Bharat Abhiyan in Attached File. please have a look.
0 0 To promote cleanliness there should be complete ban on showing people throwing garbage anywhere on road, train and other public places. There should be high encouragement given in Bollywood movies to market Swachh Bharat because they have high impact on people's mindset and reach till remote locations. Thankyou.
1 0 And here is the Golden Sun Rising from the east . Seems like It's in a mood to Make the Whole World feel Refreshed . The for ever beautiful event of our mother Nature captured by me . Chennai- Marina beach #MannkiBaat #MinistryofTourism #IncredibleIndia
0 0 A Beautiful Morning view at Marina beach Chennai . #IncredibleIndia
0 0 Posting the photos of tours is a very good idea as it will hepl in exploring the unseen India. Wow MODI G really a great job done.
0 0 Sir, usually when we travel for long distance via train (mail express), we always order food from railway canteen. As their is no provision to keep garbage, used plates, water bottle etc.. passengers used to throw id outside. It should be duty of canteen or the delivery boy to collect all garbage. Each coach should have atleast one dustbin so that passengers wont litter anymore.
0 0 Photo of Clock house- Lucknow
0 0 swacha Bharat is a very good concept.For that matter it may be a house,street,village,hamlet,town, city or the offices of Govt or Private or any public gathering places .Initially propoganda and publicity was given.Most of the officials have given good poses while cleaning streets, public places. Much political colour was added initially.  Swatcha Bharat Tax also introduced. My request if every owner, officer or concerned takes care of cleaning, no need for advt or color.every one to do own duty
0 0 In June 2015 visited Pachmarhi, Madhya Pradesh again after Mar 1993. All the tourist places have become over crowded resulting in drastic collection of garbage - plastic bottles, wrappers, diapers, etc. Charges for visiting toursit places have been forced by Forest department and that too enormously and with that guide is forced upon in the name of employment. Forest department should get the garbage collected from these tourist places and restrict number of tourists per day.
0 0 naam ho raha aur jinko srif 5000 rupey mil rahe hai aur 12 hours ki duty kar rahe contract basis log unka harrasment meri apse appel hai ki ye afsarsahi khatm kriyee wo kuch kam kare ....aur desh sone ki cdiya tha aur aaj bhi hai..lekin ab paisa sirf kuch logo ke pass hi hai uska equal distribution nhi hai plz sir save our country help indian bhut lacaar hai hamre desh ke aasahaye hai plz help kuch kariyee thnk u modi sir may god bless you
0 0 hello modi sir i appreciate your work what u did but sir in our country ...afsarsahhi itni bad rahi hai har officer apne nichee ka harressment kar raha hai aur yahi reason logo ki sehan karne ki ability khatm hoti ja rahi hai gussa hai logo private contract pe lage log jo gov institution me kam kar rahe hai mehnat karke do paise kama rahe hai salary bhut kam hai sir aur waha unka adhikari bhut harrasment kar raha hai unka kahi to gov kisi officer ko 2 lankh per month de rahi hai jabki uska srif
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/pt.rahul/media_set?set=a.10203342622709071.1073... Narayan Bag Jhansi
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/pt.rahul/media_set?set=a.10203210744172190.1073...
0 0 The two most outstanding village developed in MAHARASHTRA that is  RALEGANSIDDHI AND HIVREBAZAAR. #incredibleindia.
0 0 One of our most enriching experiences was a trip to #Gwalior #Morena in #MadhyaPradesh! Just a 4 hour #Train journey from #Delhi and we reached this hub of #Art #Culture #Architecture #Grandeur #Heritage and #History :) Sharing another #Video #Blog here! #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MinistryofTourism #MyGov The complete #Playlist showcasing our trip to #Fort #Palace n mystical #Temples of Mitaoli and Padhavali n more >> https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSSz1sB3FgZi_ofuYSgFKjcIDo0FMS63G
1 0 Visited the mighty Ranthambhor Fort in Sawai Madhopur #Rajasthan . Amazing experience it was! The fort is grand and amazing. Even met #Tigers in the adjoining forest :) Sharing a video blog here! #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MinistryofTourism #MyGov Here's a complete Video playlist covering the Jungle #Safari and #Tiger sighting, #Fort visit, a #Heritage #Tour to Sherpur and Khilchipur villages and more >> https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSSz1sB3FgZheviURFaC9jQyUQ7JlRHyD
1 0 Ashokdham Temple. Lakhisarai, Bihar * Shivling_worshipped by Lord Rama * Temple build by King Narayana Pala of Pala Dynasty in 871 AD. * In 12th century Indradyumna Pala rebuild the temple. * In 1977, shivling found beneath the earth. * For more information please visit http://ashokdham.org/index.html
1 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat i visited konkan rail route, gokaran, murudeshwara temple, jog falls, dudhsagar, rohtang pass, kasol recently and all of these shows the incredibility of India. Jai Hind, Bharat Mata Ki Jai
1 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #GoldenTemple, Amritsar is the symbol of peace and divinity. one can feel the presence of almighty there and it is the perfect example of management to the whole world. #HussainSagar, in Hyderabad is a scenic and historic place with a Lord Buddha statue in the middle of the lake. The statue was chiseled out of a white granite rock, weighing 450 tons. It was carved by 200 sculptors for two years.
2 0 #IncredibleIndia Andaman : This is one of the most beautiful places on earth. Beaches are gorgeous and people are really friendly.Must to visit city is Havelock and must to see beaches are Radhanagri, Kala Pathar, Elephanta.. Best way to travel is via Chennai by Air to Port Blair... Few places to see is also Limestone caves..as well you can enjoy scuba and water sports.. Would urged everyone to visit once in Andaman...
0 0 India is the origin place of religion @ and their traditional thinking or style which is the most precious thing for us and in every part of of our country we can see a special beauty which catches our eyes despite of grt pollution or waste
0 0 Sunset at Kochi, a mesmerising view.
0 0 #IncredibleIndia Humayun's tomb is the tomb of the Mughal Emperor Humayun in Delhi, India
0 0 #IncredibleIndia Andaman : This is one of the most beautiful places on earth. Beaches are gorgeous and people are really friendly.Must to visit city is Havelock and must to see beaches are Radhanagri, Kala Pathar, Elephanta.. Best way to travel is via Chennai by Air to Port Blair...
0 0 Heritage of India - Hampi, Karnataka - a UNESCO world heritage site #IncredibleIndia, #Hampi
0 0 Chakrata,Uttrakhand,India #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
1 0 Lighting at Har Ki Pauri during Ardh Kumbh Mela 2016 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 Haridwar Dueing Ardh Kumbh 2016 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 1 Dear P M sir I really appreciate your steps
0 0 I want to showcase the world how beautiful the India is!. This is Chandigarh! #citybeautiful, #incredibleIndia, #India.
0 0 Monolithic rock cut temples. Masroor(kangra). The power of man to cut a single rock to form a beauty.
0 0 The natural car wash enroute to chitkul. Last indian village towards tibet. Worth the drive worth the place. Chitkul.
0 0 we have also lot of visiting places Warangal fort , Adilabad forests , Kuntala waterfall , Hyderabad etc., but every place neglected by who ruled before Telangana ( United AP )
1 0 Kumbhalgarh Fort, in the Rajsamand District of Rajasthan is the second largest wall after china which is even recognized by a UNESCO World Heritage Site 2013. Yet the place is still unknown to tourist and even unmaintained. Why don't we rectify the route as this would increase tourist as well as help artisan and villagers to grow. #Mannkibaat #incredibleindia
1 0 39 KM From Udala 60 KM From Baripada 85 KM From Baleshwar A wonderful waterfall in Shimilipal Region is there. Name Is 'DEVKUND' State is Odisha District is Mayurbhanj. Calm & Cool Nature is the most important. Best Season to visit is Summer and Winter.
0 2 #IncredibleIndia campaign. Respected Sir, There is no need to add incredible before India . OUR INDIA WAS ALWAYS INCREDIBLE, IS INCREDIBLE AND WILL INCREDIBLE. the Basic thing is just to learn, How to keep our proud clean, safe and secure. I wish our villages could developed so good that they should be compared in town/city and that day dream that you have shown us will automatically become true. ALWAYS WITH & FOR OUR INDIA
0 0 Sir, I am from Mumbai and i wish our forests should be conserved and protected. Like Bhutan has in its Constitution that 60% of its land shall be under forest cover, can we not have like wise amendment in our Constitution as well. This will also conserve our wildlife and varieties of plants/trees and forests will one day protect us too. We can also connect our forests that are spread in adjacent states through biological corridor so that our animals can roam freely around. Thanks
1 0 Good Evening Sir, I am Arif A Shaikh from Sangli, Maharashtra, I am regular follower and motivated by  your vision and ideas for the development of the Country. As you have mentioned in one of the episode of MANN KI BAATH regarding cleaning of Statues of Famous personalities in India, With respect to this i have developed a system which works with solar power for Regular cleaning of Statues with minimum investment & Maximum Benefits. Sir Please Find the Attachment of Complete Report. Thank you
0 0 Sir as u told that those students who were not able to crack any of the govt. exam within their stipulated age than they will get the chance to some reputed pvt. co. Sir my suggestions is that without doing this why dont u pass a circular mentioning this that those candidates who were preparing for last 5 years and not yet crack any one of the govt job will get atleast group D post but he has to show his admit card of last 5 years which proves that he consistently tried for it. This is justice .
1 0 #IncredibleIndia #Kerala God's Own Country #MannKiBaat
0 0 #IncredibleIndia #MyGov #MannKiBaat #God'sOwnCountry #Kerala
1 0 #MyGov : Dear Sir - You have proposed that the government would like to give LPG cylinders to poor families who used wood etc. as fuel, which is a very noble thought. Just a view point, is it possible that the GOI promotes community kitchens with LPG as fuel on a large scale thru gram panchayats as this would enhance optimization of LPG use. Instead of individual houses having LPG cylinders, small villages can have multiple community kitchens. This can be implemented as a pilot project first.
0 0 Sub: skill development program. LIGHT WEIGHT AUTO TURBOJET TRAINS To : PM Office Dear narendra modi garu, I am from hyderabad.  i am having a important innovative idea for transportation . We are having only four ways of transportation road, rail, fly and water .but I am having an idea of another way of transportation .LIGHT WEIGHT AUTO TURBO JET TRAINS. I want to share directly to u this innovative idea . Once its reveled, there is no important for my idea . Please give me reply .. thank u .
0 0 Sub: skill development program. LIGHT WEIGHT AUTO TURBOJET TRAINS To : PM Office Dear narendra modi garu, I am from hyderabad.  i am having a important innovative idea for transportation . We are having only four ways of transportation road, rail, fly and water .but I am having an idea of another way of transportation .LIGHT WEIGHT AUTO TURBO JET TRAINS. I want to share directly to u this innovative idea . Once its reveled, there is no important for my idea . Please give me reply .. thank u .
0 0 There is a needs of renovation and rehabilitation of each and every monument's of our country, And there maintainess is very much important. Every monuments  built as the sorrounding described in the history and past's This idea comes in my mind when i watching discovery channel and i seen that the monument they want to describe not getting correct way as the monument is broken . and i seen there is no care as of its important "Want to see india without damage"
1 2 In Dubai government has given clear direction to his tourist ministry to bring 40 million tourist in a year. we don't see any target from India government to his ministry. we are paying taxes but our government is not competitive. private company are more competitive than our government. I think british are more better than our gov. specially old minister and politician never bring good fortune to our people
2 0 A place to experience Peace.The Brahma Kumaris Peace Park is both lovely and serene; a natural environment where silence and recreation co-exist.The park is an oasis of natural beauty about eight km from the Brahma Kumaris headquarters in Mount Abu. Part of the charm of the place is that it is lovingly cared for by dedicated Brahma Kumars and Kumaris who delight in welcoming 1000 of tourists every day. know more peace park click link http://www.brahmakumaris.com/campus/peace-park/
1 0 A place to experience Peace.The Brahma Kumaris Peace Park is both lovely and serene; a natural environment where silence and recreation co-exist.The park is an oasis of natural beauty about eight km from the Brahma Kumaris headquarters in Mount Abu. Part of the charm of the place is that it is lovingly cared for by dedicated Brahma Kumars and     Kumaris who delight in welcoming 1000 of tourists every day. know more peace park click link http://www.brahmakumaris.com/campus/peace-park/
1 0 Jaipur-Pink City-Lovely city-Great tourist destination-Heritage look-Capital of Rajasthan-Festivals and culture no doubt its wonderful-Folk dance and music classy-amazing and delicious Food Dal,Baati and Choorma-Abhishek Bachhan and Aishwarya Rai Bachhan first meeting point as a loving couple-Hawa Mahala,Jal Mahal,Amer Fort,Nahargarh Fort and unlimited sight scenes etc.-Visit and enjoy your best moments. #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov a river of time ….Varanasi © https://www.joyguha.com/ ... click on the url if you are interested to see the whole series on Varanasi. Thanx,)
1 0 KASHMIR—THE JEWEL IN THE CROWN The trip to Kashmir was  the trip of a lifetime. The lush green meadows before the climb, The pristine beauty of Gulmarg, in the background Transported by cable car on to the majestic heights The spectacular breath taking, vastness of the mountains Unsurpassed, indescribable and incredible ! Kashmir -- a place every Indian MUST visit… and be proud of.
1 0 Though I have already posted these pictures, I wish to re-post them since they can be seen in my personal Blog in a better way. http://apurvarai.blogspot.in/ #chandnichowk, #delhitourism, #radhakrishna, #holi
2 0 India is great, indeed. We just celebrated Holi, the Festival of colours. Went to Chandni Chowk, Delhi, ahead of Holi and happened to be part of such a nice, colourful and playful culture parade. What a luck! Did not have my camera but could not resist myself so clicked some pictures with my mobile. Some for you to taste love, dance, bonhomie and celebrations that this festival of colours is known for.
0 0 Take the craze of Diwali in Delhi, Christmas in London, Summer Carnival in Rio de Janeiro, Valentine's day in Paris and then add it to the month long madness of Olympic Games or the World Cup and cram all that into a span of 5 days and you still wouldn't know what you are missing if you haven't been in Kolkata during Durga Puja!
0 0 the gorgeous Shimla-Kullu valley! #IncredibleIndia #MyGov
0 0 Hi narendra modi ji,I have an idea to make incredible india.Actually in real i dont want anybody to be poor and malnutritioned in india.I have one idea which you as prime minister can implement it in india so that nobody in india will be poor.See india has huge amount of population size 132 crores as on 2016.I want each citizen of india should contibute 1 rupee on the daily basis excluding poor people.The amount which will be generated on the daily basis should distribute to poor people.
0 0 Dear Sir... There are many important and unknown historic places in India. I wish to give a suggestion to Tourism Ministry.It will be really helpful if a guide containing info about all important and to be seen places from each state.This will help travellers to know them and visit them.Every state Tourism Board must bring out this guide with photos and route maps.This guide should be sold at a nominal price in all Railway Station, Airports and Bus Stand. This will help to promote Tourism.
0 0 do you have stress ? fatigue ? depression ? a place to calm your mind and refresh your body ISHA YOGA CENTER AT VELLIANGIRI COIMBATORE DHYANALINGA  a space where anyone can become meditative just by closing our eyes
0 0 'The Winter Batch' was shot in areas ahead of Amritsar which when not engaged as battlefields gets to see beautiful varieties of flora and fauna.This place is called Kasowal enclave in Dera Baba Nanak astride River Ravi.There is more to see in Punjab ..in the greens.
1 0 The attached Pic I took from Vijay Durga, Maharashtra. In India, The Important thing is, Every Structure, Every Monument has a story or History to tell about. Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj and his works are similarly fascinating and worth learning. The one who understood the IMportance of having control over ocean. I dwell into the similar thought when I see this or the other pictures of forts build in between ocean and that two with no such advance resources like today's era.
0 0 Haridwar heaven on earth.. One must visit it for pristine beauty of nature,to achieve peace of mind,to get ultimate happiness.
0 0 IN GOD’S OWN COUNTRY My heart aches for a draught of sweet drink Fresh from the swaying green coconut palms As dusk descends on the serene back-waters of Kerala The anchored house-boat, rests idly on the calm waters On the bow,  an earthen  pot  dances , in explicable ecstasy In tune with the lapping of the water against the sides of the boat Each sip of God’s Plenty  from God’s Own Country Brings an incredible sense, of peace, to my weary mind. Copyright : Sheeba Thattil 2016
0 0 There are so many places, culture, pilgrims, natural & other things which people can experienced and realized that,  the India is really " THE GREAT GOLDEN COUNTRY". The peace / calm / culture / religion / spirituality /knowledge / Immotions of people / positive and helping nature / etc.. by which the people can feel like the heaven. Divine river, greenery, forest & animals, mountains etc. are the really spiritual and peaceful places experience to the people who has really feel, best wishes
1 0 Ladakh-oh! it's lovely destination-earlier it was dream for common man to reach this place-Hats off to tourism department who make this successful.It is adventurous journey.A person can never forget this experience when you are on road full of ice and the struck up and do not know the time to clear the landslide but the military people and local person helps you to follow your destination.One point to be noted that there is lack of oxygen in Leh so keep in mind who are aged or having Asthama.
0 0 Alleppey-a city of Kerala- living in House boat whole night along with delicious dinner-it is so amazing experience which can not describe-just visit and feel it-coconut water a very tasty and fresh sweet drink full of minerals and co operative people. #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 Mysore-cultural city-what a Mysore palace! when you see illuminated at night-it's wonderful.The best part is its shopping-actually it is shopper's paradise.sandalwood and rosewood items are available here.Mysore fine silk-no wonder it is full of fragrance city.And food culture world famous Mysori Rava Masala Dosa-must visit-#IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 kerala God's own country-what an amazing experience -natural beauties,cleanliness,full of herbs etc.it is an unforgettable trip-immense satisfaction.Those who have not visited then their one page of travelling book is still empty.#IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov
0 0 Sir,I belongs to rajasthan and from last 5 yrs I am working at patna,bihar. I am always worried about water scarcity and as i am rajasthani i faced water scarcity problem from my childhood but here at bihar, people waste too much water it always make me sad and I saw many govt water supply system needs maintenance I just want to suggest please make an application where we can post picture and request to repair & Maintenance of water supply system so concern dept take action as soon as possible
0 0 Save water Many of us use RO water purifiers at our home to purify the drinking water, but do we know that around 75% of the water fed into RO water purifier is wasted, only 25% is extracted as drinking water. For 1 liter safe filtered drinking water in the RO tank, 3 liters goes rejected. This causes a tremendous Overhead on the Water Supply as well as Sewage Treatment system of Apartment Complexes. Here is very simple solution for it, use it for toilet flushing, washing clothes, kitchen etc.
0 0 My visit to rishikesh &  haridwar.  A great life time experience of spirituality with Maa Ganga's Arti and thrill of adventure in rishikesh with rafting.
0 0 My visit to rishikesh &  haridwar.  A great life time experience of spirituality with Maa Ganga's Arti and thrill of adventure in rishikesh with rafting.
0 0 Continue. .. BHARAT ABHIYAN honorable prime minister please make strict rule for selling of such bad activities and prevent youth from suffering from this devil adding to it most of the rural youth suffering from mouth cancer pls stop this devil. I believe you and like me most of the youth believes you please its my humble request sir. BHARAT MATHA KI JAI
0 0 Honorable prime minister ji I'm big fan of you and aged of 26,I feel proud when you say India is the only country which has got huge number of youths which is really a big valuable asset for India but the problem or tragedy of us is most of the youth are getting adictected to GUTAKA CHANI JARDA PAAN TOBAKO which really reduce the efficiency and productivity of the youth and I'll directly affect the country productivity and it will also create big question mark for the success of SWACHCHA BHARAT
0 0 SIR PLZ MAKE A GRIVIENCE SYSTEM PORTAL PMHELPLINE LIKE CMHELPLINE OF MP GOVT . IN MP GOVT CMHELPLINE THERE ARE 4 DIFFERENT LEVEL OF OFFICER.... AND AT EACH LEVEL A OFFICE HAVE 7 DAYS TO RESOLVE THE PROBLEM..AFTER THE RESOLUTION OF COMPLAINT ..OFFICER SHOULD HAVE TO CONTACT TO COMPLAINER FOR SATISFACTION.....IF COMPLAINER NOT SATISFY BYB THE OFFICERS ACTION THEN IT GOES TO HIGHER LEVEL OFFICER... THIS IS VERY GOOD IF YOU IMPLIMANTE THIS AT PM LEVEL......... THANKS
0 0 its very thrilling experience.....from HARSHCHANDRAGAD situated in Maharashtra..this is the fort from very ancient time...RAJA HARISHCHANDRA'S FORT..
1 0 this is the pic from MALSHEJ GHAT i.e. NH 222, MAHARASHTRA....During my SHIRDI PALAKHI PADYATRA...we r going by walk from KALYAN to SHIRDI...
0 0 For the convenience of cardiac treatment of your people in Purvanchaal (North India) a cardiac centre/hospital is needed in Varanasi/DLW. At present such centre is available at Chennai (South India).This consideration is a way to match your view of STARTUP INDIA leads to minimized the unemployment to some extent. A request letter signed by about 500 people of this constituency has already been sent by speed post No. EU 175528553IN dtd.28.03.16 for your kind consideration please.
0 0 Respected Sir, Incredible India can  become incredible only if tourism is promoted to its fullest. The example was JAL MAHOTSAV  conducted by MP Tourism- it was excellent and very well organised. The problem in India is there are more than enough spots, however, facilities there are highly suboptimal. I have an idea- choose 10 cities , spent 100 crores for hotels, good and direct connectivity , sightseeing and lavish food. Campaign for a 15 day package tour especially for foreigners.
0 0 My visit to Varanasi... It was a great trip for me when I visited the oldest & historic city Varanasi. I enjoyed the boat ride on River Ganga. I visited Sri Kashi Vishwanatha temple and Bindhumadhav temple.I felt so blessed when I took bath in Ganga River.This was my memorable trip after undergoing both hip joint replacement surgeries. One has to enjoy Hot Ginger Tea (Garam Adhrak Chaai) sold in mud cups.Also Lassi during the summer season.I could see many foreigners enjoying their stay here.
0 0 CHITRAKOOT,  kya koi chitrakoot ko janta h sayad bahut km hi log jante hoge Tourism ko lekar.  Jha lord RAM ne tapsya ki aur lord KAMATANATH and HNUMAN DHARA many place h par kuch nahi h isiliye plz dhyan diziye. India me bahut sare place h jha  abhi Tourism hota hi nahi h....
0 0 #knownIndia#OwnEyes#Incredible. India##
0 0 Let us bring to notice the developments and the status of progress of the schemes started newly by the PM. Advertisements of the schemes which are starting newly is done on a great scale. But how far is it reaching the people is not let known.  Actually that is more important than a sheme starting.  People have to know how the ones who have taken up the schemes are benefitted.  This will encourage more people to utilize the benefits of the initiatives taken by the Gov't.
1 0 #IncredibleIndia KERALA IS FEW MILES AWAY, IT TOOK ME NEARLY 3 DAY, BEAUTIFUL BACKWATERS I SEE, NATURE'S BEAUTY, BEACHES AND SEA, TEMPLES AND CHURCHES FELT ME DIVINE, BEST WAS THE KERALA FOOD AND WINE.
0 0 sigh of unity and prosperity is the legacy of my mighty land.It is like a never ending epic of human race.India is the model for peace,happyness and conviction to the human race...nothing can be compared with india's intellectual ideologies..
0 0 Mumbai to Junnar via Malshej Ghat Points to Visit: 1. Malshej Ghat 2. Shivneri Fort 3. Ozar 4. Lenyadri 5. Arvi Kendra 6. Lastly beautiful villages
0 0 Sir, For our country to become prosperous it should  become well irrigated and for this we should have nadi -jod project along with water harvesting schemes. This project would help in storing flood waters and in creating network for shifting water to the desired places. This will help in improving quantum, spread & consistency of rainfall and in increasing forest covers and in thus creating cycle of good monsoons. If importing gas from Iran is feasible why is network of waterways difficult ?
1 0 #MannkiBaat : Dear Modi ji, The 'FIRST MYGOV CLUB' of India was inaugurated on 8/1/2016 at Govt Polytechnic College Attingal, Kerala. It was inaugurated by MyGov ambassadors Sujai G Pillai and Premjith Prabhakaran. Please make it mandatory that MyGov club should function in every higher education institution in India. It is truly wonderful when it functions along with NSS. Let me add some images too because it is the need of the hour. Students should love our country than anything.
1 1 Sir, we love to travel and take photos but in india most of places are prohibited for photography. Although it is required for security reasons but we can't treat every person as terrorist. So photography and mobile phones should be allowed every travelling places.
1 0 We are twice brothers(Shikhar and Sameer).We create many crafts together.This Bullock cart is an example of our creation."HANDMADE"
0 0 Let the world see various pictures from our Incredible India ..
1 0 The photos that I have posted is of beautiful carvings of Ajanta caves which made me shock.Roads were not bad. Tourist places have more visitors. Navigating boards on roads to go tourist places are more in state of maharastra,India.
0 0 this are photos taken by me from our home gallary...this is just before the monsoon starting..this is Mahuli gad far away..In Thane district from Maharashtra...
0 0 #IncredibleIndia- the attached place is Karnataka near chikmagalur Mullayanagiri.
1 0 we have done this HOLI MEMORABLE with very thrilling trekking experience by going on trekk to HARISHCHANDRAGAD, MAHARASHTRA. here photos from this trekk...enjoyed alot
1 0 #IncredibleIndia, This photos from "Kutch Rann", All are salt, No Ice, Nice experience to see and very nice arrangement as tourist destination.
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, This Photos from "Kutch Rann", All are salt, No Ice, Nice experience to see and very nice arrangement as tourist destination.
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, This Photos from "Kutch Rann", All are salt - Not Ice. Nice Experience to see. & very nice arrangement as tourist destination.
0 0 Shillong in The sate of Meghalaya hosts each one of its visitors with open arms of greenery and fresh air. A view from Shillong peak is What i want all of you to glance at
1 0 modi g aapne mann ki baat me kha ki digital india and kisan app ko har koi use kr sakta hai but firstly kuch log th pad he like nhi h unhe th phone operate krne b nhi aate and gaav me aadhe se jyada logo ke paas anroid phones nhi h and upr se data charges itne menge hai th kse hum Inn apps ka use kr skte hai......1gb data charges approximately 200 ke paas hota h...itna ek rikhsa chalane wale pure din me nhi kama pata hai......
1 0 Dear Sir, I am P A Cariappa, India is a " Divine" , Nation , and " Every Nation want's to explore India, and " Culture and Tradition " are electrifying , so , " I am Proud to be Indian". Regards. P A Cariappa.
1 0 #MannkiBaat Dear Modiji, I'm glad to hear about the football motivation in India,you want to bring football at the level of cricket in India.But sir,it is very difficult as we all have to start from level 0, because player are not getting proper facilities due to which they quit football I my self was not able to continue due these. Players don't even have proper grounds to practice. If we to promote football first we have to provide at least proper grounds for practicing football.
0 0 # Incredible India- We and the whole world see the India while travelling by Road and Train.What they see along the Roads and train tracks- THE DIRTY INDIA. Drive for cleanliness prioritize to clean along all roads & Train Tracks. The budget allocated for cleanliness in this Budget should go towards it. Responsibility: Express/NH Highway- NHAI State Highway- Respective State Railway Track- Indian Railway.
0 0 sir ap ham youth ki energy ho thank you for motivation agar aisa hi raha to ham youth desh ke liye kuchh bada kar jayenge
4 2 Government need to look out on issues of Internet speed and charges in India. 1GB 3G data costs a minimum of Rs. 250 which is not affordable. Bring it down to atleast 3GB in less than Rs.100 per Month.
1 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov One of the most holiest places in Amritsar The Golden Temple is a beautiful divine place of worship. Thousands of devotees visit this temple for a divine visit from far and wide. One feels at peace in this sanctum sanctorium. Devotees get a free meal at the Langar in this temple
1 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MisitryofTourism, #MyGov Gods own country Kerala state is one of the most beautiful place with natural landscape and full of greenery. Backwaters of Kerala are famous and boating is a common tourist activity.
0 0 Dear Modiji, One suggestion for addressing the plastic garbage issue that affects all our urban metros and cities - can we make it mandatory for all municipal and local bodies to have plastic recycled material used for all road repair works? If we need to revolutionise the Smart City movement this adoption for all plastic reuse in roads should be tied with allocation of JNNURM funds from Ministry of Urban Develoment and also Roads and Surface Transport Ministry.
0 0 Sir, kindly read the attachment and consider the idea. thanks for giving such a platform.
0 0 really some of your programs like swach bharath, RUrban mission, Digital india etc are very good. but my concern is only 1 thing, i want to see decentralization in my state(AP),power & development since people are fighting especially people who are backward regions i.e rayalaseema may fight for another state. So I'm posting it daily. Its your wish. But I appreciate Modiji for launching good programs, now INCREDIBLE INDIA....This is a photo of our VATICAN OF INDIA i.e TIRUPATI.It resembles India
0 0 Nice positive news about swacchha bharat changing railway stations as adressed by Modiji in Man ki baat. Its a great way to participate in bharat nirman. Imagine bunch of friends gathering in weekends & doing one social work, those days are coming...my dream india is becoming reality... http://abpmajha.abplive.in/videos/dombivali-colourful-dombivali-city-sta...
1 0 Thank you for this platform. I had tried to post my poem on Kashi earlier, but perhaps the channel or occasion was not right. I am posting it here again, though there are no photographs to attach.
0 0 Dear sir, writing for denmark, I believe only you can take this bold ddecision against all odds. Desh mai "cycle kranti" ka karya ho. Smart cities ke liye cycles ka upayog ye ek mapdanda ho. 2. With Plastic bags ban promote paper bags made by mahila bachat gat. 3. Reach out to all countries for tourism we hv good product but not enough marketing at least one office in each country with yearly target of tourism (can be outsourced)
0 0 Mandi, Pandoh, dam , Himachal..----THis is the Nature's call from the state of Himachal Pradesh -Just look into this snap taken at mandi -himachal pradesh  and it seems there are many kashmir in india -not only one JAMMU AND KASHMIR----IN INCREDIBLE INDIA EVERY STATE HAS A JAMMU AND KASHMIR LIKE BEAUTY.
0 0 LET US REMEMBER THE ANCIENT BLAST OF INDIAN ART ,CULTURE AND HERITAGE FOR WHICH OUR NATION IS CALLED INCREDIBLE INDIA----THESE SNAPS ARE TAKEN IN AJANTA ELORA CAVES WHICH IS ONE OF THE BEST TOURIST SPOTS OF INDIA.MANY STATUES ARE MADE AND CONSTRUCTED IN A SINGLE STONE AND ALSO DAMAGED SOMEHOW AND IT SEEMS THE BRITISH AND SOME MUSLIM INVADERS FROM OUTSIDE INDIA HAVE BROKEN THESE STATUES-GOVT. OF INDIA IS SERIOUS AND ALSO SHOULD LOOK INTO IT FOR IT'D PROPER AND ABSOLUTE PRESERVATION
0 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava #WelcomeToIndia Green India
0 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava #WelcomeToIndia Konkan Railway
0 0 I CAN GIVE ALL OF YOU THE PROOF FOR WHICH OUR COUNTRY TRULY IS CALLED INCREDIBLE--------THESE ARE SOME ABANDONED ANCIENT ART AS PER PURAAN,VEDAS STILL GLITTER IN MOUNTAINS OF HIMACHAL PRADESH--ALSO THE HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER SHOULD LOOK INTO IT FOR IT'S PROPER AND ABSOLUTE PRESERVATION-MOST OF THE STATUES OF ANCIENT INDIA ALSO ARE SEEN SOME OR A/2 OF IT'S DESTROYED.
0 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava #WelcomeToIndia Beautiful tea estate in Kerala
0 0 india has many beautiful destinations.
0 0 Dearsir, Thanks for creating such platform where anyone can share his/her views. I would like to suggest, if useless hoardings can be removed from the town will help tourist,citizens of india a clutter free town. Only govt authorised hoardings or banners can be allowed. This will make city clearly visible.Ask not to use electric-traffic  polls,tree,any public place material,etc.to misuse.make provision to penalise such defaulters with law and gov.deptt officers. Thanks
0 1 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava #WelcomeToIndia
0 0 #IncredibleIndia, #MannkiBaat, #MinistryofTourism, #MyGov The CITY OF DIVINE..the Lord,the laddu, TREES..LAKES & WATERFALLS, PROJECTS, Museums, Arts, Education, Vedas, Totally Incredible its "TIRUPATI"..INCREDIBLE INDIA....
1 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava #WelcomeToIndia Nyingmapa Monastery, Bylakuppe, Karnataka
0 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava #WelcomeToIndia South Indian Veg Thali
0 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov #AtithiDevoBhava Omkareshwar Temple at Madikeri,Coorg, karnataka
0 0 If there is a heaven on this Earth,it is here it is here. Snow and cloud clad mountain view along with Dal Lake, taken from Hazratbal Dargah Srinagar. #incredible india #MannkiBaat #MinistryofTourism #My Gov
1 0 Situated in the Raigad district of Maharastra, Diveagar beach and Hariharshwar is an awesome place to visit. The Diveagar beach faces Arabian sea and a belt of trees in the background makes it prettier. It is very serene and mind soothing to Watch the sunset here.The beach is very clean and free from city's rush. Hrihareshwar is more famous for the Harihareshwar temple and is said to be blessed by God Shiva. The View of the Arabian from top is a nice view.
1 0 #IncredibleIndia #MannkiBaat #MisitryofTourism #MyGov Magnificent view of sea from Reis Magos Fort, Goa Welome to Goa
