1 0 continuous spiritual speeches, brain storming sessions, strong confidence building exercises. engaging every prisoner every now and then in partially general events will realise their mistakes and turn good to themselves.
1 0 the prisoners shhould be given training under skill india mission..
0 0 1.Prisons conditions can be eased if the under trails , is they were given fast trails facility. 2.a separate team of lawyers/ counselors to be trained and designated for if they are unable to pay for the trails , 3. Sports and yoga activities to be encouraged to make the environment more friendlier. 4.jail staff to be trained/ counseled regularly to behave with children,women, disabled,old age prisoners and to distinguish between a hardcore criminal and one who can be rehabilitated.
0 0 clean toilets and living spaces shall modify to international standards.
1 0 prisoners - We can classify as born culprits and person became a culprit by momentous act or short period misleading. We can save them by allowing periodic counselling and mingling with their family members once in a week. In foreign countries allow them to make the telephone call to their immediate family members. prisons shall have the spaces with spending 2 hour with their family once in a week. Prisons shall become rehabilitation centers than punishing cells.
1 0 1) Create Modern prison cells 2) Use prisons to create product and sell them, Prisons should get their fee 3) Psychological classes 4) Gym, Yoga and sports trainings 5) Evening Classes, Provide Education 6) Ask Prisons their are of interest and give training in the same field. Example: Cooking, give them training for professional cooking, Same as, Sports, Dance, Musical Instrumental, Farming, Construction Etc. 7) Ask every Prisons to teach something to their inmates
0 0 plz re think on some laws. laws are misusing. for example sec 354. if someone has any enemity towards another he will use this law. if they go direct to the court as private petetion  the court will order for enquiry and it will take more than one month to reach police from court. the second party will have no idea or proof on that date of complaint if he is not an employee or big business  man. so every crime should report to the police with in 24 hrs
1 0 Decriminalisation of Cannabis in India.
2 0 HON'BLE P M U NEED TO LOOK INTO THE ISSUE OF UNDER TRIAL PRISONERS LANGUISHING IN INDIAN JAIL MERELY BECAUSE THEY CANNOT PROVIDE BAIL AND FOR THAT THEY ARE BEHIND THE BARS FOR PETTY CRIMES NOT ONLY THIS MANY WOMAN PRISONERS WITH THE JUST BORN OR MINOR CHILDREN ARE ALSO LAGUISIHING IN JAILS OUR COUNTRY'S PRISONS ARE  OVER CROWDED BECAUSE OF THIS ONLY PL SEEK REPORTS FROM ALL STATES FOR THIS INCLUDING WOMAN WITH CHILDREN IT IS A VIOLATION OF FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT OF LIBERTY GUARANTEED UNDER CONSTITUTI
0 0 1.Learn how to avoid prison break from prison break by two criminals of New York jail last month.It took 10 days to capture them.Whole of Northeastern part  USA was in danger for 10 days.Time-energy and resources spent were very huge. 2.Think of releasing prisoners above 70-75 years. 3.Strict action to be taken on guards to in-charge of prison if any body caught with cell phones etc. by surprise checking.
0 0 Buddha,the blessed One has tamed the untamed, pacified the unpeaceful, and brought to Unbinding those who were not unbound. For what we could not tame even with blunt or bladed weapons, the Blessed One has tamed without blunt or bladed weapons. See how he converted a criminal dacoity 'Angulimala' in to a monk.  http://www.accesstoinsight.org/tipitaka/mn/mn.086.than.html Such converting has been performed either by Buddhist masters or 'Saints of Jesus'. Amazing powers of truth and realization !
0 0 Andaman and Nicobar islands are the best place in India to build new jails. These jails are to be copied from USA.
0 0 As in United States, each of us should be given a chance to serve as Judge. Every citizen of the country should spend court time. Since we are embarking on digital platform, transparency can be ensured. we can atleast start with many traffic tickets...
2 0 Dear PM , What I think is short temper and greed for money makes them as culprit or murder,the punishment should be meaningful and severe so that others should fear before doing crime,they can be used to lay roads and planting trees,according to the crime they have done,for murdering they should severe in home for disabled and old people, this would stop them to make further crime,now days jail has become school for big murder and robbery.. Thank you
0 0 Dear Sir, Crime should be assessed on basis of the type of crime  prisoners should be given a chance for skill development and employment they should be made part of industry profits generated by their employment should be rerouted to  up liftment  of poor
0 0 Who Says prisoner are in the prison.some criminal have education & also have lots of money although they fire, out of conrol the loose policy of jail,once who become a criminal has no fear.strick rules are not there in jail.its need to bring change in them but in jail most of criminal activity made.todays youth mentality is that there is big corrption made by police and proud to say i will be psi and get more money by the  curruption.judiciary have the power to control it who says them .
0 0 Major Problem Prisoners are facing today is overcrowding within Jail Premises & hence All Forts (Not Inhabitated) in India Must be converted in to Jails with All Basic Amenities which can be called human.
0 0 A lot of criminals are in prison just because they had underdeveloped mind control and physical aggression. this is due to decades of ignorance in education sector & financial limitations of the parents. as parents have to struggle hard for earning bread they ignore cultural and social, psychological development of the now criminals. we should focus on improving criminals in there, mind, heart, vices, skills and education in a guilt free environment in prisons.
0 0 skill development scheme can be being of great use for the Rehabilitation of inmates. Yoga can be very helpful in their mental health care and also on overall well being.IT training for inmates will also assist them in rehabilitation and making fresh start after release.
0 0 Courts in India zealously exercise contempt of court jurisdiction in the name of upholding ‘the majesty of law’. SC says, “Faith in the administration of justice is one of the pillars on which democratic institution functions and sustains” It is high time we realize whether there is any such faith left in the minds of public given the delays, the corruption and the partiality in favour of the high and the mighty that mark the administration of justice in the country.
0 0 Prisoners should neither be shifted to Punjab nor released in any form. It will damage social fabric of Punjab and will be threat to peace.
1 0 Those who are in Prison May be suffering from Psychiatric illness,They may have family Who are depend on them,They may not have strong legal support,They may be Made good human if we have comphrehensive legal system! law should be more eastern which includes truth Dharma & Humanity Than Commercialized & Talent driven!
0 0 you have to appoint a law graduate as a Insector or asst inspector who can nearly watch & observe the prison & after his recommendations we can give a better opportunity for the prison, as a law graduate thay can easily findout the circumsatnces & punishments for the priosns & thay can easily do better then any one else.
0 0 Punishment is necessary but there may be some sort of things which can help an accused to be a  citizen like yoga and on the occasion of international yoga day I think in jail also it will help meditation can help a criminal change or divert his/her mind and if one realise his/her er mistakes than it will be helpful and I think most of crime are because mental weakness and there may be other reason like anger for a while and because of this little movement one can spoil himself and other .
0 0 In today’s scenario prisons (all categories) can contribute in several aspects of development and growth of Indian economy, literacy and social development too under the issues which was mentioned from your side. Here I am trying to brief my project idea, which I will elaborate further (later).
0 0 Use prisioners after segregation as resource pool, as labour for government jobs, make more rehabilitation centres, put up a committee for mandatory release all all petty criminal longing beyond a time in jail.put best in uniform men in posting of such kind.form a team headed by best minds to take corrective measures for states under bjp at least where there will be less of friction. Use mrs k bedi, all stalwards.one way is to make construction of jails tax free to bring investment.
0 0 Ab ki jail to asi ho gai h ki agar koi seedha sadha aadmi kuch din jail me chala jae to vo bhi chota mota gunda bankar hi bahar nikle
0 0 Prisons should not be named on the great political or social leaders for example like Choudhary Charan Singh prison at Meerut (U.P.)This give a wrong message in society .Prisons should be showed as unwanted/bad place to the public.Criminals & prison both should not be respected in society.The respect/charm  of criminals and prison gave wrong message to younger generation.Prison should be unwanted place in society.
0 0 Use Prison premises, prison walls and prison roof tops for generation of solar electricity. Use inmates as labour under min. wages act. Use the solar power generation to take care of power needs of prision and sell off excess power to grid
0 0 We must reform our criminal justice system. If offence to sentence takes 5-6 months in other democracies, why it takes more than a decade in India? The society suffers as criminals have no fear of law catching up with them. Presumably innocent citizens, called undertrials, lose their liberty. Undertrials are 2/3 of prison population and this report depicts what they undergo. http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Inside-Story-The-Gangs-of-Tihar...
0 0 I think that huge man power is behind bar and if Honorable Courts judges that Srasram Karawas then they should be used in industries as labours so that they also contribute in nation building.
0 0 Do not keep prisoners behind the bars,Use these prisoners for the nation building by involving them in spy activity for gathering the sensitive information from neighbouring country by giving proper training & guidance.This will reduce prisons load, nations overhead cost & will also provide a oppurtunity to the criminals to change life for better.Also involve them in border security activity ,this way these prisoners will serve the nation & complete their detention period.positive change.
0 0 It's unfortunate that there are more criminals roaming freely than those who are behind the bars. With big money rich criminals can get bail with the help of clever and well-connected criminal lawyers. Salman Khan and Jaylalitha are two recent  examples.
0 0 Your plans are great. First let's replace the word "prison" with Samsodhanagar. Then imparting useful skills and religious lessons can improve them. With small loans from banks they can join the mainstream. Dr Kiran Bedi is a trend-setter in this matter.
0 0 Start skill development centre in each prison. Do psychological test before assigning the skill and then mould them for new task.Have compulsory yoga classes.
0 0 Defendants presumed innocent arc subjected to the psychological and physical deprivations of jail life, usually under more onerous conditions than are imposed on convicted defendants. The jailed defendant loses his job if he has one and is prevented from contributing to the preparation of his defence. Equally important, the burden of his detention frequently falls heavily on the innocent members of his family.” (3 of 3)
0 0 One is that the effective power to punish a citizen lies with the police, which exercises them arbitrarily at best and at most of the times dishonestly. The other is the irreparable damage to the affected citizen. In Moti Ram v. State of M.P., (1978) 4 SCC 47, Hon'ble Supreme Court, while discussing pre-trial detention, held: “The consequences of pre-trial detention are grave. (2 of 3)
0 0 Lakhs of citizens deprived of their liberty because of the judicial apathy and delays in justice delivering system is a matter of serious concern. These hapless citizens are in jail not because they have been held guilty but because the country’s judicial system takes decades to decide their cases and does not take the issue of their right to liberty and presumption of innocence seriously enough. (1 of 3)
0 0 SC in 2G scam case, “the reasoning adopted by the learned District Judge, which is affirmed by the High Court a denial of the whole basis of our system of law and normal rule of bail system. It transcends respect for the requirement that a man shall be considered innocent until he is found guilty. If such power is recognized, then it may lead to chaotic situation and would jeopardize the personal liberty of an individual” alas only affluent can approach SC; common citizens languish in jails.
0 0 Liberty, freedom and fairness are all at stake. In addition to legislative reforms, there must be major cultural and attitudinal transformation of views towards these incarcerated individuals. We must consider the tremendous costs on society of such an inefficient penal process. There must be greater scrutiny of personnel working within the criminal justice system for institutions are only as good as the people within them. Read this comprehensive article on undertrial prisoners.
0 0 The primary reason for inhuman conditions in our jails is that 2/3 of prisoners are presumably innocent men incarcerated because of the whims of judges. We ignore the sage advice of the likes of Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer, "Personal liberty, deprived when bail is refused, is too precious a value of our constitutional system, that the crucial power to negate it is a great trust exercisable not casually but judicially with lively concern for the cost to the individual and the community".
0 0 If the person is bearing a lifetime imprisonment then the earning should be provided to the family of that person. Remember that most of the prisoners are in the jail because they have commited the crime with a root cause of unemployment. None of the prisoner should be given VIP treatment. The jail authorities should not take the prisoners overcrowding as a challange.It should be taken as a opportunity of getting such a large work force. Mentality of prisoners would upgrade by this.
0 0 First of all if a prisoner has commited a serious crime do not let him to come in the society earlier as he would again do a crime more spine chilling than the previous to supress his or her crimes. The jail should not take them as a burden . Moreover they should be given jobs inside a protected area with the colloboration of Indian MNCs. The money earned by them should be given to them when they have completed their punishment so that they can be self employed and can live a good life.
0 0 3)After release of prisoners it is always observed that they are not easily accepted by the society due to the social stigma. Hence for them to get jobs after release, incentives can be provided to the firms which employ them. Also suppose a govt. servant is jailed he should be promptly given his old job back. If govt. companies start this practice others will follow suit.
0 0 Indian prisons have been notorious precisely for some of the reasons stated above. To make a difference we can consider the following: 1) Prisoners should be counselled regularly. Employing full time psychiatrists for prisons will hence be helpful in the ratio of 1 each for 500 prisoners. 2) Sports facilities should be made available inside the jail premises. An hour a day of sports activities will help the inmates to be in sound state of health.
0 0 At many prisons,the prisoners are allowed to break stones or to do other activities. But according to me an effective idea is to generate electricity with the efforts of prisoners. Given below is an idea where prisoners can do the work which the horses are doing in the picture. The machine is used for fetching water. But by fitting a dynamo we can use it for energy production.In this way electricity can be produced and it will also make them physically fit. Even it can help them to feel guilty.
0 0 take away food prepared by prisoners was a successful program conducted by VIYYUR CENTRAL PRISON, THRISSUR,KERALA. This can  be adopted in other prisons as well.
0 0 Given that prisoners are completely cut off from the society and its advancement during their punishment period. They should be taught operating computers. This can be a huge help to the Govt. as they will be able to data entry and the money spent on the living of these prisoners will be worth its value.
0 0 Details attached
0 0 They should be exposed to practices like : 1. Yoga 2. Art of living sessions 3. Craft,Technical skills 4. Education 5. Religious sessions - depending on their faith. So, when they leave the Jail, they had something to look forward to.
0 0 1.Develop Flower Gardens in every jail & sell those flowers which will incentivize the prisoners and will give great aesthetics. 2.Develop CCTV network in such a way that with minimum manpower it can operate. 3.Introduce modern Vocational trainings like computers, mobile, air conditioner, refrigeration etc. repairing. 4.Prisoners counseling in proper way so that after release they can survive their livelihood.
0 0 however, we use or we do not use these prisoners in this context. the issue regarding discouragement of farmers in cultivating appropriate crop in proper land and its effects remain the same with every crop and at most of the places.
0 0 just for some personal enemity or just to eat bhutta. i believe there should be a survey on amount of discouragement caused due to this activity in farmers.this discouragement will be greater than any other natural calamity. sir out put through farming will be much more improved if we can address this issue. i was trying to raise this point at appropriate platform but since m new i found this d most relevant platform i posted here. now we may use some criminals as crop police to guard this damag
0 0 sir there is a never discussed genuine problem. sir more than natural calamities farmers were, and are, and will be scared and effected by local people , politics, and criminals ( who have no police records). sir, people in my localities and i believe in all localities, fear people who distroy crop for no reason or enjoyment. for example, if i cultivate makka in a area away from my home and in a land which is purely appropriate for cultivating makka, people in near by location distroy the corp
0 0 Just wanted to highlight one thing... A prisoner is the one who committed some crime/offense though he is rich or poor, govt servant or private employee, Higher cadre employee or Grade D employee. So, we request to treat all the prisoners alike. Dont allow some favours for crorepathi prisoners. Its a sincere advise. We have to come of VIP culture atleast in Prisons
0 0 So need to put some barrier on outside food,There is some compulsory hard work in Prison for the prisoner.we need to give a strong message to the criminal person that in Prison there is very hard life.
0 0 I am belonging to Haryana State.as much I know in Haryana Prison.Most of Prisoner are taking food from their relative likes Dry Fruits, Seasonal fruits, Milk Ghee, and other think.with this all facilities they do not feel that they are in the Prison or Home.So, Many criminal mind person when they come out the prison they told their experience in the Prison.That they are taking all facilities in the prison. this is a very bad impression on other person.need to some barrier on outside food.
0 0 Liberty of citizens depends on whims of people manning the judiciary. Decision depends on person seeking bail. In 2G scam SC gave bail to politicians saying “the charge sheet is already filed. Therefore, their presence in the custody may not be necessary for further investigation.” But this rule did not apply for Asaram Bapu, Jodhpur HC said, “The first bail application of the petitioner was rejected by this Court on merits. The filing of the charge-sheet is not a change in the circumstances.”
0 0 Please see my public note on prisons that has received international attention. it has several suggestions for improving situation, here: http://someitemshave.blogspot.in/2012/02/prisoners-choice.html
0 0 grant of bail on 8-5-2015 to salman khan who is convicted of killing one person by his rash driving under influence of alcohol, proves that 'rule of law' and 'equality of law' is not existing anywhere in the country, except the book called 'constitution of india'. can any average indian citizen imagine of the VIP treatment which has been given by  courts to salman khan. courts are the biggest obstacles to pro-poor reforms in the country.one latest example is courts opposition to NJAC Act.
0 0 NCRB data tells us that as at the end of 2011, 243650 people (65.4 % of prison population) were in jail (9101 of them for more than 3 years) not because their guilt was established (those convicted by courts are readily let off on bail and are worshiped by MPs & MLAs) but because they were not given bail nor hearing was completed in their cases by the courts. The law feared they would intimidate witnesses and had no time to record evidence. Are human rights only for terrorists and politicians?
0 0 Just see how and what manner buddha made realization possible for Criminal Angulimala.  Criminal has been once a innocent child. But world with its evil changed them in to criminals. Buddha acertains in his teachings that our eyes,nose,mouth,ears,body,mind all belong to Mara,the evil one who misleads people into delusion, misusing them and indulging in to activities that harm spiritual progress. The spiritual path must be shown to prisoners to revive spirituality inside them.
0 0 Sir, Mandatory Social service is to be implemented
0 0 Recently, in Sanjay Chandra vs Cbi the Apex Court said on 23 November, 2011, "This Court, time and again, has stated that bail is the rule and committal to jail an exception. It is also observed that refusal of bail is a restriction on the personal liberty of the individual guaranteed under Article 21 of the Constitution." This rule must be codified into the law in an exhaustive manner. this will protect individual liberty and drastically reduce prison population thereby improving conditions
0 0 By not following the rule bail, not jail, lakhs of Citizens who are presumably innocent, are kept in overcrowded jails. this is a mockery of justice. who will be in jail and who free is not decided by evidence and the law. it is decided by the police and whims of the judges. clear and exhaustive rules must be codified making it impossible to deprive a citizen of liberty except for constitutionally sanctioned purpose of making him face trial and preventing interference with course of justice.
0 0 Supreme Court (Justice Krishna Iyer) said in State Of Rajasthan vs Balchand 1977 AIR 2447, "The basic rule is bail, not jail, except-where there are circumstances suggestive of fleeing from justice or thwarting the course of justice or creating other troubles in the shape of repeating offences or intimidating witnesses and the like by the petitioner who seeks enlargement on bail from the court." but the lower judiciary and the high courts don't follow the rule.
0 0 In Germany undertrials are 18.6% of prison population; in India the figure is 67.6%. 24352 persons, or 3% of all those judged in court were previously in remand custody; for females, the figure is only 1.1%. In India innocent men spend years in jail. The reason is that in Germany, remand can only be ordered by a judge where the accused is strongly suspected of having committed the crime and there are grounds for remand custody, such as risk of flight or the risk of evidence being tampered with.
0 0 Reduce the number of prisoners in prisons. We could introduce the concept of community work for small punishments (public service, traffic management, laying roads, etc.). Why use up resources to look after people in prison when they are not a threat to the society.
0 0 The British are worried that it takes on average 154 days (or just over 5 months) from an offence to sentence in their Criminal Justice System and have initiated a series of reforms. and we are using the same system as theirs!!!
0 0 Two thirds of those imprisoned are undertrials. Implement in letter and spirit the legal dictum 'bail is rule; jail is exception'. Insert this into law. special courts in jail for petty offences and alternative punishments like fines, compensation to victim, confiscation of property and community service can reduce the population in overcrowded jails. see comprehensive study at http://www.humanrightsinitiative.org/artres/Access%20to%20Justice%20for%...
1 0 Prison reforms should be a part of JUSTICE SYSTEM REFORMS, which has become ineffective; a large number of guilty go unpunished in a large number of cases; the system takes years to bring the guilty to justice; and has ceased to deter criminals.  Crime is increasing rapidly everyday and types of crimes are proliferating. Several reports on REFORMS are gathering dust in the Archives of the Government. A time-bound action plan should be made and implemented with alacrity.
1 0 First we should try to reduce inmates.For that we should impart our country's culture & traditions to the inmates through lectures and videos. Also try to put them in practice while in prison, so that when they come out they feel confident of facing the outside world.Also it is necessary to study each inmates's character and behaviour and accordingly provide services.Children of inmates should be allowed to meet their mother's at least once a day for one hour to interact & assist homework etc
1 0 Punishment is give for the realization of crime. I Don't think that just by giving punishment the Prisoner would change. It's depend upon how he/she spend time of punishment in jail. It's depend upon how they get treat by others & they treat other Prisoners. The mentality of prisoner must change that is the reason they get punish
0 0 Sir the idea ofimprisonment must be addressed from first principle s .a person only should be imprisoned if he/she is a threat to society.lord Macaulay suggested that heavy fines should be imposed on an offender if they are not a threat to society.the burden on the exchequer of the state increases if a man is imprisoned plus further criminal exposure increases their anti social behaviour.even those who are imprisoned must be gig n a through psychological analysis to address the root cause
1 0 In courts staff demand 10 to 50 for giving next date, there should be provision of providing mobile no or email id and every party and advocates should be informed of next date by SMS or email
1 0 Govts spend a lot of money on transportation and security of person under trial who are in jail.  Several times they are attacked by opponents during transport and hearing. Either their hearing should be in jail or by video conferencing.  This will reduce expenses, time and enhance safety of people under trial.
0 1 I think govt. has sufficient fund. For which they are thinking about their Modernizing the design, architecture of new model prisons. I thought it's a promotion to be a prisoner. Now-these-days you will find the inmates are getting Bidi,Cigarattes,wines,etc from outside. I don't think they need more than that.
2 0 Please arrange a job for the prisoners once they released from prison. Because once they released the society start neglecting them. Please employ them so that the society can easily start accepting them openheartedly. Prisoners are human beings and they have the equality right to live with us.
1 0 need to change wrong practice involved , primary investigation report to  be submitted compulsory at the time of enrolment / registration   on event basis
1 0 Children born in prison or needing maternal care need to have a schooling facility. Some of the prisoners could be asked to handle the sessions. Children are the best teachers and they would learn that life is more than being in a prison. It is necessary to encourage colleges to conduct jail tours which would ensure that cells are properly managed at least at such times and also give a first hand taste of a prison for an adolescent who may stray.
0 1 prison can be a best place to find tailent from india if someone is commiting any crime it means he has some tailent ; our govt should sharp his tailent and should  use for our country.
0 0 Share Your Views...sir there must be a procedure that every one could contribute for our country. hence if a person who has got the punishment is a s/w engineer;there must be something that our india can use his tailent same way he must have many tailent like he can be a good athlete;a good farmer;a cook or some one else but we have to ensure in all case that his tailent must be used for the country;and some part of his earning should be given to him
0 0 Dear Sir, sir aap Rs.1.00 petrol, diesel per increase kar de usse jo fund collect hoga wo aap farmers ki help me laga de. mein india/aap ke saath hu.
1 0 Dear Sir, More vacancy in Govt. Job State level, More engaged different job in private workers.
0 0 Dear Sir, Odisha state very very poor state, please development special effect in odisha student or Employee.
0 0 Dear Sir, please include farmer support Govt. job, Why? Farmer family son/girl include Govt. Job quota.
1 0 Dear Sir, Farmer family support in Govt. Job Reservation system include. why Farmer suicide? More help in farmer family. I request help in farmer family. Farmer very very poor but not improved. Please Help in farmer family.
0 0 our views towards jail should change. If we are unable to change the persons during jail it is another offence we are doing. My first view is that there should be a provision to mingle with the prisoners with their family periodically. From jail they should talk to their family members through the phone periodically.
1 0 Habitual offenders (specially the burglars ) should be trained and make them skilled that they can opt for alternative feasible guaranteed income source. Confidence building skill develop training should be provided. They should be provided other available facilities through govt. identities such as Job Card, Adhaar Card, Ration Card. The utilization of Cards should recorded online with their photos to ascertain their locations and movement.
0 0 AS PRISONERS WITH ANTI NATIONAL CRIMES LIKE GEELANI MASSART ETC SHOULD KEPT IN ONE JAIL SOMEWHERE IN RAJASTHAN. MEDICAL AS WELL AS TRIAL SHOULD BE CONDUCTED WITHIN THE JAIL DONT WASTE MONEY IN TRANSPORTING THESE LEECHES TO HOSPITALS & COURTS ALL ANTI NATIONAL CRIMES MUST BE PUNISHED WITHIN 3MONTHS KASHMIR PROBLEM IS SELF CREATION OF INDIA & BJP HAS TILL NOW NOT SHOWN ANY NERVE TO SETTLE THIS CANCER DONT LOOSE JAMMU AS WELL.
2 0 Determine the nature of crime and segregate prisoners in categories based on crime violence and criminal's psychological profile. Design curriculum based on psychological profile. For crimes of passion involve meditation/yoga, crimes of lack of opportunity (money grab) offer skills training that will help in getting good employment.
1 0 IMHO a person guilty of crime can only overcome and win over his guilt by hard work and content, not forcibly sitting passive behind bars. Prisoners of India can be the essential required laborers for the country with close scrutiny and subtle technology aid. Chart out annual calender for prisoners packed with relevant training, hard labour sessions and social service. If prisoners outperform, reduce imprisonment term, give wages after term completion or even enroll for jobs.
1 0 Prison populations the world around including in India have a very high rate of drug addiction. This is a vicious cycle in which to sustain his habit, the addict commits crimes, goes to prison and the drugs are smuggled into the prison to sustain their habit and when released, they continue with drug abuse as well as drug driven crime. Compulsory testing of every person entering the prison as an undertrial for drug addiction followed by compulsory de-addiction of addicts will break the cycle.
1 0 Overcrowding by under trials unable to secure bail is the single biggest problem of our prison system. Undertrials are essentially, prisoners of judicial delays, inefficiency and procrastination. If the Cr.P.C. is slightly modified mandating the jailor to release an undertrial prisoner unless his remand is specifically renewed by the judge for a specific period not exceeding 3 months at a time will force the judge to review every case and set them free. P V Subba Rao
1 0 Om Every Under-trial-prisoner should be interviewed and probed in such a manner that his/her short biographical sketch may be prepared which can be produced before the trial court at the stage of examination of the accused u/s 313 Cr.P.C for proper evaluation of the magnitude of the crime committed by the UTP.The extenuating factors and those leading to building up of adverse character should be made relevant and considered in favor of the accused!
0 0 We can learn a metric ton of things on prison reformation from Switzerland, Norway and other European countries where the prisoners are checked after their sentence whether they are okay to get back to the society. If they fail the test, they have to serve the same sentence once again; if they do pass the test, then they are released. It is a very humane and a responsible way of treating prisoners. What these countries have realized is that prisoners are humans as well.
0 0 There are 3 technique to reduce load on present prison system. 1) probation- People with 1st offense should be put on probation. 2) community Service- people committing Petty Crimes Can be forced to do community service like using them in swachh bharat abhiyan. 3) House Arrest- Underage offender should be confine to house arrest rather than putting them in prison system where they are abused.
1 0 Hello My dear friends. Here is my view on prison reform. Prison reform should be viewed in two forms Infrastructure of the prison-> Most of us spoke Creating healthy and friendly environment for the prisoners-> Yoga, pranayam, and some meditation should be started inside prison in other words spiritual practices which is different from religion. Spirituality creates sense of belongingness towards others and it should be started for both prisoners as well as all staff members of prison.
0 0 There are many under trials who have spend more time in jail /police station as compared to sentence in which they are charged , Proper amendment in Cr. P. C. should be done and amnesty scheme should be given and they should be released. Human right commission should be involved in searching such person who are very poor and have crossed the time of imprisonment
1 0 In my earlier post, which can be viewed below, I had mentioned how Govt should utilize prisons to manufacture materials & articles that the Govt itself needs, thereby utilizing prisoners & cutting costs. Recently, I came across an article which read that 100% of Helmets required by US Govt defence forces are manufactured in their prisons. Kindly research this avenue & use prisons asap. Thanks
3 0 Important Prison Reforms (Please utilize Ms. Kiran Bedi) 1. Please increase no. of prisons in each city and dstrict. 2. Automate the databases with all details and connect all prisons nationwide . 3. Implement Tihar type Meditation and Yoga classes for all Prisoners. 4. All prisons should have large courts to conduct in prison trials to reduce court commuting. 5. All prisons should have in built colleges or vocational colleges for all skills.
1 0 According to NCRB, more than 3 Lakh citizens are in prisons. The detrimental impact of imprisonment, not only on individuals but on families and communities, and economic factors also need to be taken into account when considering the need for prison Reforms. According to UNODC's technical assistance in the area of prison reform covers the following thematic areas: pre-trial detention; prison management; alternative measures and sanctions; social reintegration.
2 0 First & foremost important thing is the SPEEDY judgement of long pending cases. My suggestion is to run the courts in 2 - 3 shifts (24 hrs. non stop). The logic is simple that with the existing practice of working hrs. in court, it will take decades for the pending cases to reach the judgement. Without spending money on adding the infrastructure it can be done. We may have to create some position for Judges on adhoc basis(which I feel not very difficult).
2 0 Steps should be taken to reform the prisoner's mind in psychological way. His past & childhood experiences will throw a light into his current behavior. Psychologists should help the inmates find the fault in their way of life. Music therapy is good means to solace their troubled mind. They are patients who need behavioral treatment. This is where a true religion can help a man find himself. Vocational training will help them earn a livelihood.  Hospital visit will teach them about real life.
1 0 A carefully structured program with the help of psychologists should be created, choosing topics which help in pulling the criminals out of their habit and changing the course of their life. Eg: stories of world history invoking patriotism, showing how India was victimised and how it's their responsibility to help in nation building. Stories of how badly prisoners are treated world over but how well we treat our prisoners. Stories of valour of our ancestors. Heroics of informers to Govt
1 0 Dearest NaMo, Team NaMo & friends, Our prisons need to be overhauled keeping 4 issues in mind: 1) Reform & Rehab 2) Human Rights 3) Cost 4) Discipline Our prisoners should not be draining the tax payer. They should contribute to reducing cost of operating a prison. We should use this huge free labour force to cut costs in Govt expenditure. Non-sensitive requirements of Govt offices/schools which can be produced shud be identified eg: tables, cupboards, school desks, carrom boards
0 0 an amendment be made in the code of criminal procedure compulsorily producing inmates once in a month before the court which would especially help in cases where accused want to plead guilty in petty cases
0 0 Namaste! Prisons should be centers for rebirth of thinking capacities and innovative minds of inmates.As it is there was some hidden talent or force in inmates though in the negative direction which have made them come there!What do i think of and can be done is the marketing of jail products.Colleges have associations like NSS who have different activities wherein they need to make up with small scale marketing strategies to sell the product be it anything.bless us to do work fr our frnds.
1 0 All prisoners should be used for clean india campaign including Ganga Cleaning. This will make them to work for getting their food who can be kept in temporary night shelters tents built by them. This will save prison space for alternate use i.e shelters for beggers during night time. Further prisoners will not use their stay for anti-social activities with the help prison authorities by paying money. This will force them to change their attitude by way of public service.
0 0 Sir, many "high value" inmates have a free run, this needs to be prevented by installing CCTV's, mobile jammers & sniffer dogs for  drugs. The parole system needs to be strictly monitored by a dedicated non-partisan board. All prisons should have a library, monitored computer room for study, skill training lab, yoga & meditation center. E-class rooms can be started with assistance from central varsities / KV's with both student & teacher volunteers who can be given extra credits in their course.
0 0 Sir, the police force in prison's most of see it as a thankless job. It is indeed a difficult one, dealing with criminals. However, sensitisation of the police force is required to make them effective reformers. A far sighted reformist warden can do wonders to those under his watch. Regular training, counselling, better facilities for self & family, health assistance and regular rotation will help in maintaining a pro-active enthusiastic work force. In turn, the state & prisoners will benefit.
0 0 2- not a single official are punished for suporti/ suppling these/ helping. My thoughr is .fisrt jammer is insalled in jail permises with cc camera. Criminal should catogarigely kept in cell. Vetran, sentenced, murder, murderer/ thives/ small criminal under trial, rapist, economical criminal, and other diffrent type of criminals should kept in dffrent block of jail. Vigilence check and balnce the jailor & warden property always. If its happened I hope criminals never increase their power balance
0 0 Crimnals sent to jail is rehablitation,to become a good social man, to boost their socialogy. But in jail they become more powerful criminal, increase thier network. Why? I seen very closely that its changed due to eregularity in jail manual , coruption .thieves , pickpocketer and other small ofenced crimnals are kept with vetran.vetrans use them , torture them mentaly and physicaly( homosex), with the support of warden, jailer.. They uses phone how .getting money , theatring outside businesmen.
0 0 Hi All, What is your view on donating the body parts of people who sentenced to the death. I don't know whether this section exist in Indian Penal Code. But this will be useful for the people who are blind and waiting for other body parts and unable to get them due to lack of money. Government need to take the permission of a person who sentenced to death and have to take the signature on all necessary documents.This should happen transparently.
0 0 Corruption
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Criminals-Their-Victims-and-The-Natio...
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/crimesrisinguniverse?ref=bookmarks
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Human-Rights-and-Criminals/50114986996123...
0 0 During my visit to Singapore, I learnt that it is one of the lowest crime rate country in the world. In India, we need to make sea change in Judicial system and old (b4 1947) laws. Today In India, any one including Govt. Bodies blame / charge of crime on any one without having proof or base and then responsibility lies on that person to prove himself innocent!!!! This is not only dangerous but also makes our country ridiculous among other countries. pl prevent injustice in first place.
0 1 Criminals in prison should be utilised for the country's development.The can be used for Swach bharat Abhyan.Clean Indian and green Indian as well.This will reduce the labour cost.And the prisoners can actually be used for maintainence of railways and construction of bathrooms for women in villages.Manpower can be utilised properly and they should be given counselling and they should be paid a nominal amount so that when they are released they can live a better life and get away from crime.
0 0 Criminals are born because of lack of education, values and due to situation. Prisons shall be act as reform homes. There shall be psychologist to understand the criminal instincts and criminal behavior. Motivational gurus shall be invited for regular discourses so that they get opportunity to see other side of life. Promoting lots of sporting activities may reduce the aggressions. They must be taught skills of employment and if the behavior improves, government shall also plan for rehabilitatio
0 0 Crimes increasing day by day, So we should take public opinion how to stop crimes/criminals and then after we may think about reforms, the systems led general people for crime should be change . Unemployment,exploitation and harshness ect. creating crime or criminals so if we stop it we can stop creating criminals. everybody dislike crimes so we are able to reduce the same.
4 0 Meditation(vipassana courses), exercise, learning and prayer must be encouraged for all prisoners and policemen.
0 0 Reform are accepted according to increasing or decreasing of crimes, good laws should be made so that people will never willing to make/do crimes. the people or departments deals with criminals should be allowed  give there personal views and reforms should be made which is acceptable to all of them or all people may allowed to cast their vote on this regards
1 0 CENTRAL GOVT. AND STATE HEALTH MINISTRIES SHOULD BE MORE ACTIVE AND PROACTIVE RELATED TO SWINE FLU KITS AND TAMMY FLU TABLETS AND VACCINES. HEALTH MINISTRY IS SLEEPING AS THERE IS SHORTAGE OF KITS AND MEDICINES. HEALTH OFFICIALS ARE SAYING ONCE TEMPERATURE GOES UP IN SUMMER SWINE FLU VIRUS WILL DIE. THIS IS A BIG JOKE I REQUEST P.M TO TAKE NOTE OF THIS MATTER MOST URGENT.
0 0 N CHATTISGARH THERE IS NO LAB FOR TESTING SWINE FLU H1NI VIRUS AND NO KITS , NO MEDICINES , NO TAMMY FLU TABLETS, PATIENTS WILL DIE DUE TO LACK OF RESOURCES. WAKE UP CALL FOR CENTRAL GOV. HEALTH MINISTRY AND C.G GOVT. HEALTH MINISTRY.
1 0 In cases of corruption by a government servant , only dismissal from service along with a huge fine is a sufficient punishment.This change can reduce a number of cases from High Courts.
0 1 Take the suggestions from Kiran Bedi
1 0 remember hatred leads to more hatred. Only love and care can diminish it. -source--Naruto
1 1 According to me prisoners should be treated hardly so that they get ,how they done with others. Their time table to do work should be decided . We also can use their power to do work like they can do farming at jail areas only .
0 0 Convicts should not be ill treated in jails. Even, Prisons should be renamed as GoodnessCentres. People inside jails should be taught the value of hardwork, active communication. All those things which makes all mates equal to each other should be carried out. For e.g. no one is superior, absence of materialism, equal treatment. Whenever there is equality, greed, wants, there is crime. No one should be at any cost be allowed to contact with d outside world through mobile, tv,.make jail lyf happy
1 0 PRISONERS SHOULD BE ENGAGED IN YOGA AND ALSO THEY SHOULD BE MADE TO DO REGULAR MUNICIPAL WORKS LIKE CLEANING ROADS AND ALSO THEY SHOULD BE INVOLVED IN SOCIAL ACTIVITIES UNDER SUPERVISION WHICH  WILL BRING A CHANGE IN THEM AND MAKE THEM FEEL PART OF SOCIETY.
0 0 INSTEAD OF FOODING TO ALL PRISONERS GOVT. SHOULD TAKE HARD WORK  FROM THEM AS PER THEIR KNOWLEDGE UNDER STRICT SUPERVISION.. SPECIALLY FROM TERRORIST  TAKE HARD WORK LIKE DIGGING WORK
1 0 Dear Sir, There should be spiritual transform programs which includes meditation for all the prisoners. This will make difference in true sense. This practice is already in place in many jails via Art Of Living foundation but it is not regular. There should be directive from Center Govt on this to make it mandatory for all prisoners. Regards, Sagar
1 0 Prisoners should be trained in DTP work, agriculture, etc.
1 0 Prisons should be provided with law libraries for the use of inmates. All procedural laws should be made available in local languages in all prisons and the under trials should be given free access to such books including law journals. Thus they can get to know their rights and their limitations. It will work as a deterrent in future if they understand things. A mygov like site should be there for the inmates to lodge anonymous complaints.
0 0 Before prison, reform Police. Basis of recruitment should not be physical body. Police should be recruited based on intellect, aptitude, background, cultural behavior, computer knowledge, training to new techniques.
2 0 providing skill to the prisoners for employment, making them ready to start again and face the world...
1 0 After releasing them also the local police should be able to help them by providing suitable opportunities.If the prisoner who was released from prison after giving training in candle making, and if he was not able to earn in local market, the local police should operate as marketing place for him. i.e the released person could be able to hand over the products at the local police station which in turn should reach the special dedicated shops.
1 0 Some prisons could be built in the areas which are covered by landscapes. And the small level thieves could be accommodated there so naturally they will get some peace of mind.
1 0 Special shops could be built in cities to sell the products of prisoners.
0 0 Hon"rable Modiji Art 51-A says that it shall be the duty of every citizen of India (a) to abide by constitution and respect its ideal and institution, the National flag and National Antham. But our Hameed Ansari did not give respect to our National flag at the time of Republic Day. As a bublic servant he must obey Art. 51A. Otherwise his action will create some feeling to his relegious people and their feeling will be against our Nation. He can be accused u/s 124A and 166 of IPC.
1 0 1. Each Prison should be given performance based target based on skill taught in prison similar to corporate this will generate revenue. 2. Prisoner should not be kept in local police station at night. They should also be not kept in their city 4. Prisoner speaking Hindi should be kept in Telgu jail 5. Prison of similar crime across should be kept under same roof. This will allow better management. Example: all political prisoner should be kept at single center. Use them for skill development
0 0 Respected Modiji, traffic jams every where in Delhi is a common phenomenon. Corrective steps may be taken to decongest Delhi. (a) Vehicles should be allowed to run on delhi roads on alternate days basis i.e. Vehicles ending with even-number on Mon, Wed, Fri and ending with odd-number on Tue, Thu, Sat and Sun all vehicles ending with 0 to 9 with exemptions for ambulances, goods HMV, police and govt vehicles, etc. It needs thorough consideration as to how it should be applied? Regards
0 0 Respected Modiji, traffic jams every where in Delhi is a common phenomenon. Corrective steps may be  taken to congest Delhi. (a) Vehicles should be allowed to run on delhi roads on alternate days basis i.e. Vehicles ending with even-number on Mon, Wed, Fri and ending with odd-number on Tue, Thu, Sat and Sun all vehicles ending with 0 to 9 with exemptions for ambulances, goods HMV, police and govt vehicles, etc. It needs thorough consideration as to how it should be applied? Regards
0 1 I feel in-human inspectors should be shortlisted and trained how to deal with prisoners, and before employing prisoners in some productive work, their interest area should be known and they should be provided proper counselling so that they feel satisfied with the job they can be assigned.
0 0 jail is now ' sansodhonagar'. so,it require a healthy environment  in the prison like a mini healthy society.
2 0 In sabhi logo ko bhi my gov use karne ke liye dena chaiye. Kyu ki jail ki hakikat sirf yahi logo jante hai....
0 0 Decisions should be taken independently in prison without any interference from the ruling parties. Before releasing the accused on the birthdays of leaders,separate national level independent group should decide the persons. Political planned murderers should not be released as it happened in TN, Madurai Leelavathi case, as it is a severe threat and stirs fear in common people. Meanwhile this reduces the opportunities of the eligible good conduct prisoners.
1 0 prisoners should get professionally trained for working after prison and spirituality should be developed in them so they never o crime again.
0 0 All the inmates should be given training on useful skills. Jail products may be sold through special outlets located at main markets and malls. Women inmates should be trained on domestic work so that they be absorbed as domestic helpers in schools, nurseries and homes.
0 0 It is also a problem to go deep of each cases and solved with the legal formalitis each prisoner after being released provided a work to change his life . A part of our society people are living in prison and they get a income from any working inside prison such as man power to cottage industries or having active pay inside jail which can help his family for basic needs and most of prisoners are subject to poverty, misguide, bad luck dishonest, etc so the only way of get them on track is heartly
0 0 As the prison are needed to be monitor continuously because the cases inside the prison are found as by a thinking of his positive attitude but they not get it because inside the prison the old criminal use to rag a new admission . it is also heard that attack to each other in the prison the food and health are also the big problem in prison and govt should release the old prisoner who have no one they should be sent to Senior ashram so that they get last days of happiness and of their ways .
0 0 I tried requesting police personnel to control the sound at these overnight sessions.  but they refuse to act saying it is "religious" and so cannot take any action.  Is that Gods (Allah, Jesus, Krishna) listen to prayers only when we pray through loud speakers and mikes?  With the state division, one more festival got added " batakamma bonaalu" which is celebrated continuously for 3 evenings and 3 nights and the police mention that it is KCR (CM of the state) orders to celebrate it that way.
0 0 No doubt this is democratic country.  CAN ANY LAW/RULE BE MADE TO MAKE PEOPLE PRAY WITHOUT LOUD SPEAKERS, MIKES, DRUMS, OR HUGE NOISE PRODUCING INSTRUMENTS???.  Can we citizens of India Pray our respective gods without these instruments?  Can we ask all religions to maintain silence in Temples, churches, masjids at all times in all seasons with / or without people in it?  Can the open grounds be banned from giving permission to overnight religious sessions with noise producing instruments?
0 0 These religious gatherings organize overnight sessions with huge loud speakers. whoever grant permissions to such has absolutely no concern for patients in the hospitals, residents, elders, children, or their exams.  All that they are interested is pray God in mikes and accumulate  'punya' for their lifetime.  Added to the attraction, the newly constructed church plays music, rings bells and plays one verse from bible EVERY ONE HOUR.
0 0 This is not about any "resilient", but about being "silent".  I live in Hyderabad at a place where my house is surrounded by 2 churches (one very newly constructed).  one masjid, and 3 temples, 4 major hospitals out of which 3 are gov., 2 schools, and one open ground. The amount of sound pollution that is created due to religious activities from these temples, churches and masjid is extremely disturbing.  on all weekends and on all festival occasions, the ground is leased to religious groups.
0 0 one nodal officer should be appointed to implement the recent supreme court decision in which it has asked jail authorities to release prisoners who have completed half the proposed jail term for their crime. there should be fixing of responsibility at every level for delay in implementation of this good sc decision.
0 0 ahead as per your plan and and it should be implemented but on the corruption so far you have not done any thing why ?
0 0 sir the recent interview given by RSS chief in the international conference on elders in mysuru gave me confidence that RSS is not behind all wrong doings to tarnish the image of your govt and it will not so i fully support RSS and  your govt on the recent performance.so let us not worry about the press statements and  minor skirmishes by some individuals.but the any small spark by some persons who do not want the development of our country will say negative including the press please go
0 0 India as soon as possible because as soon we eradicate that soon we can stop many of our mother land turning to desert and we save our formers. Thanks. Sabarinath.
0 0 http://dlc.dlib.indiana.edu/dlc/handle/10535/4277	this is a project report by Indiana university about how Kenya is suffered by this kind of plant. http://m.www.gardenorganic.org.uk/sites/www.gardenorganic.org.uk/files/r... 	this project report says the nature of this plant and how it grows and what it does. So by presenting these details i request Prime Minister Modi Ji to take necessary action to eradicate this plant from India as ... cont...
0 0 create cancer to the person who uses this wood as fuel. 4, This plant will not let other plant to grow where it grows. 5, This plant is not an Indian origin plant, these seeds are through in by some other country while India was under British. I also paste some project reports and videos related to this plant. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZaO1VH94yM 	this video link says that some of our state govt takes action in eradicates this kind of plant which is actually not happening. cont...
0 0 Dear Indian, Here is a small project about increasing our ground water table by eradicate a plant prosopis juliflora from our country.  Why needs to eradicate? 1, This kind of plant will grow its root so deep that reaches underground water level and makes that dry. 2, It has a special attribute that it sucks moist from air and change the climate so there will be no rain. 3, The wood has some kind liquid which can produce nitrogen kind of poisons gas when it gets burnt which may ...cont......
0 0 To the software team mygov , where is the open forum ? where can we write our suggestion and ideas? hear it shows open forum but under some titles please can you make a clear space where we can discuss our own thoughts ....... please....
0 0 My view is on a different aspect i.e. Delhi polls (as I din't find any appropriate place to write). BJP should announce that if BJP forms Govt. in Delhi, Delhi will grow to a world class city with the understanding and support of Center. With a different Govt. the difference of opinion will jeopardize the development. Besides we need a stable Govt. in Delhi, else there will be re-election very soon.
1 0 On the same  page no.11 (Half page advertisement ) to Conservation  of Forest and   Save Wild animal . This the true value of the Department .
1 0 Hidustan hindi news 11 page . A innocent leopard killed by  local people and said it Bravery ... Where are the people of Forest Depart ?  An F.I.R should be ladge on forest Depart .
1 0 Dear Modi ji, after implementation of Direct Transfer of LPG Subsidy, the cost of per LPG Cylinder has been increased by Rs. 17. This rate increased also not announced by the Govt . Why?
0 0 Modiji your govt is known for prompt decision making where ever it is required.but in case of crisis in sugar industry sector as well as cane payment pending decision on sugar export subsidy is delayed since oct 2014.immediate action will benefit both the farmers and industry otherwise in few years instead of MAKE IN INDIA sugar we have to rely upon imported sugar
0 0 The Education Policy need to be modernised .The poorest of the poor is denied of it's Constitutional rights to education.upto standard 5th, 8th and 10th"  syllabus certification exam. The children need not to attend the  Schools but  Qualified House wives /Youths should be certyfied to carry home Tutions and get needy children clear education with merrit ? So it shall make both way alternative to safety, education & income substitute to mass self employment too. Jai Hind.
1 0 My suggestion to the government is instead of opening more college for engineering medical iti and so on why you are not spending that money to develope the old colleges or for reconstruction of that college Tommorow Bihar govt had announced to open more iti colleges in state but the previous opened colleges are not running properly first develope the old college then think of new.
1 0 We should have a online system which include all of us youngsters directly into the passing of bills in parliament.which will really give meaning to india as a republic country. That power should be divided amongst all we indians and not amongst few.
0 0 Its hard to reform a criminal mind but still a second chance is the call of humanity the least that can be done for prisoners is that basics such as food n healthcare should be in check .. Living conditions should be improved a jail is not a place to enjoy benefits and to spend a luxurious life after committing a crime but a certain humantrian approach should be adopted for criminals who are willing to reform themselves.Certainly no special treatment should be given or meted out to any criminal
3 0 The old students in higher classes should be made to teach the lower class students everyday for one hour under the guidance of a teacher.1. they will learn to be made responsible.. 2. understand the importance of study too.3.Revise what they have studied.4..And the lack of teachers will also be full  filled some where. 5.Those who can teach well get the confidence too and might find teaching as their career too.6.They will learn to be patience too.8.of course they might get some incentives too.
1 0 government should also share its problems in executing what people advice without knowing.
2 0 all the states governments are paying crores rupees to contractors to dispose of the garbabe. But contractors are making only money with help of concern government employees. need to monitor by all local resident.
1 0 Two things are missing  in govt.'s various initiatives. A> Family Planning Campaign. B> Tree Plantations. Both are extremely important.Take some bold steps for family planning e.g. sp.concessions for smaller families. Compulsary tree plantaion for new/old co.0p societies,bunglows,highways,infra projects. Delhi & Mumbai have  most pollued air affecting health of people.We pollute air & build hospitals! Pl. take some steps..Bharat Pattani,Mumbai
1 0 Prison labor can be treated as an asset and used for periodic activities such as government school maintenance, road maintenance, cleanliness drives and so on. Such schemes must first be implemented on an experimental basis in 5-10 prisons across the country and then expanded to other district prisons. This would help the nation and also work towards rehabilitation of prisoners.
2 0 Prisons should have big libraries.
0 0 once when a person goes to prison his whole life get a stain he cannot get a government service and his whole life get heal so first of all this should be end and for the crimes which are not serious good charascter certificate should be issued because he should get chance one time and after getting respected position in society if again he does the same thing then he should be debaared from his position
0 0 Best Time to review Britishers legal judicial & jail system badly corrupted.Some real criminals in UP police uniform running crime racket. Two advocates in connivance with judges abused  process of law sent 4 innocents to jail. Session Trial No. 430/13 pending before Ld Spl Session Judge SC-ST Act Allahabad (arising out of Complaint Case No.3213/2007) by a puppet complainant.Two policemen working under IG Allahabad r/o ShantipuramYojna Phaphamau ALLD masterminds of crime. Needs Govt Support.
0 0 the wealth of our mother land. 10. Like CVC, the selection process at the highest level appointments in the  UPSC viz., Members, Chairman, etc. should be adopted. All these will definitely have a telling effect on the salubrity of economy in the long run. I hope instead of finding fault with my proposals, one should seriously ruminate over them for implementation in the right earnest.
0 0 Contd. nepotism, corruption and selection of candidates who have greased the palms of the power, and the case is before the judiciary.  Such an attitude will be disastrous to the country's economy as those with a blemish record would certainly try to be more corrupt when they enter the service and finally, there is no use blaming the Govt. for such a lackadaisical tendency.   I am sorry to say that Britishers were only looting a foreign country i.e., India whilst we, the Indians, are plundering
0 0 Contd. and procedure oriented problems should be dispensed with at any cost. 8. The UPSC should not serve as a beehive for retired officers but should be made more accountable and transparent.  Only the officers with impeccable track record and integrity should be inducted and officers at their ripe age or where Govt. finds them a thorn on the neck should not be posted as a matter of convenience and easy method of shunting out. 9. In Karnataka, KPSC is facing a plethora of complaints of
0 0 Contd. more expenditure on the part of the Government.  For example, where the Transport Allowance or any other sundry item, if it exceeds 50%, then DA is added on those excess.  Is this the needcessity? This must needs be scrutinised and properly pruned. 7. Above all, the voluntary retirement scheme should be reintroduced with a rider for a golden shake hand scheme and only such of those employees whose efficiency is not upto the mark should be shown the doors. 8.Problem oriented procedures
0 0 Contd. organisations are made to work with the skeletal staff strength unlike our country where a large contingent of employees is deployed resulting in red tapism and leading to corruption. 5. With the introduction of computerisation, the movement of files as well as decision making process should be accelerated. A compact workforce is the need of the hour. 6. Even the recommendations of the VI CPC have diluted the entire curtailment of expenditure and on the contrary, it has paved way for
0 0 Contd. deliberated upon thoroughly.  Various pros and cons should be gone through. 4.Even, I would suggest that the training programme being 'launched for Govt. officials at various Institutes and holding of examinations, etc. would be  a total nugatory expenditure.  Under the subterfuge of conducting training programmes, the officers are taken outside on tour which, in fact, is a wasteful expenditure.   In foreign countries, only the barest minimum period is stipulated and the Government
0 0 Dear P.M. THE Govt. expenditure could be curtailed to the barest minimum by the following means:- 1. The foreign delegations of Government officers should not be a frequent one. Minimum of the rank of Addl. Secretary/J.S. level will do.  Other officers need not accompany. 2. E.mail communications should be resorted to in lieu of correspondence through paper save in exceptional circumstances. 3.Instead of creating new Ministry or Department, the issue should have been got to brasstacks and
0 0 Contd. pathetic situation, in Chennai, it is worser than that.  Of course, Delhi presents altogether a mixed picture of cleanliness and abominable areas. Instead of wasting money on Swachh Bharat, it would be a boon to our economy if the Government embarks upon the scheme of educating the girl children who could act as harbingers for the future generations to come.  The Government could also show through advertisements in cine halls and other public places of the importance of this movement.
0 0 Contd. trees.  Bangalore, once considered to be the citadel of trees has become a den of pigeon hole apartments and the real estate agents have been doing a roaring business by minting crores of rupees even for the apartments without the basic amenities like provision of drinking water, electricity,etc.  Swach Bharat is really implemented only in and around Bangalore, the capital city of Karnataka Govt. where one could find the dumping of garbage everywhere, untidy roads, etc.  If this is the
0 0 go to the extent of saying that only in USA, such forests could be ubiquitously witnessed and India, the so-called Bharat, is becoming day by day a dry land.  Time is not very far off when a day will come that every citizen will have to pay a heavy price for such a kind of callousness and insouciant tendency to protect our trees.  We need not water them; but could refrain from felling them. I even remember Sunderlal Bahuguna of U.P. who had done yeoman service in this direction for protection of
0 1 dO NOT WEAR EXPENSIVE CLOTHES. ACHIEVE FIRST AND LET PEOPLE APPRECIATE IT. bULLET TRAIN,CLEANING OF GANGA,ARE HUGE TASKS. IF YOU DO NOT ACHIEVE THEM,PEOPLE ARE READY TO CRITICIZE YOU. BHARAT PATTANI
0 0 Contd.  a KM for car chauffeurs to be on the vigil. The trees were beautiful to look at and were, in fact, protecting the environment.  Now, we complain of global warming and make harangue in the global conferences.  Earlier, Bharat was considered to be the repository of Indian culture with Aranyas (Forests) when Lord Ram was able to protect the Rishis of yore and at the same time, fulfilling his duty of obeying the commandment of his Revered Father.  But, now, it is the opposite.  I would even
0 0 Dear Prime Minister,  While on one hand, Green India is your pet project, no doubt, at the same time if you happen to pay a sojourn to Mysore and surrounding areas, you will find the Green India having been converted to White India.  To make it crystal clear, almost a stretch of beautiful trees of Maharaja's period have been felled on the pretext of augmentation of roads.  Why a red reflector cannot be fixed without harming the environment on the trees which will definitely glow upto a radius of
0 0 How to end grassroots corruption.Everyday everywhere corruption is writ large. To get your due in office, to move a file, sometimes even to get a form you have to pay. From Rs 10 to 10000, or more you pay for getting legitimate work done.The common man pays to get a job or favor. Otherwise miles never move, your work is not done.In scale it is no less significant than coal scam or Commonwealth Games.India is suffocated.From Anna,Modi to Ramdev, we must do more to clean this corruption. .
0 0 EDUCATE PRISON AND GIVE SOME RESPONSIBILITY
0 0 ROJGARI DO, ACHHE RUPIYE KAMAYENGE TO BURA KAM APNE AAP CHHUT JAYENGA
0 0 In patna there is Bhagwati ayuveda which said their ayurvedic medicine cure hiv positive people. but the cost of the medicine is 6100 for 25 days. so i want make a request to goverment to undertake this project and provide medicine and lower cost to poor people who are hiv positive but dont have money for treatment. if goverment provide this medicine at lower cost. it will help crore of people not only of india and but also of world.
1 0 so first you should improve judicial system , court take very  long time to solve small small case. you know delhi nirbaya case is still going on. we must be stopped holiday of supreme court,high court ,because people live in court without any crime and court holiday reason case prolonged and business face problem. you know rajiv gandhi assassination case is also still going on,so you can check our judicial system value and their sluggishness
0 0 skill developemevt and give job
0 0 LEAVE THEM TO UNDERSTANG
0 0 SHOW THEM INSPRING VIEDIOUS
1 0 PLANT TREES
1 0 MAKE THEM TO DO WORK
1 0 MAKE THEM UNDERSTAND THEIR MISTAKE
0 0 GOVT.OFFICES- One rule in most of the offices is NO MONEY NO WORK. Maximum public is worried in this type of unwritten policy .So please create a time period for each work and order,otherwise after timing bond the offices to work each work priority basis because all the Govt. employees take a salary from Govt.for their  works.
0 0 EDUCATION POLICY- New Education Policy is create for Govt. schools,now they have no aim for students .School time is 9.00 A.M. but teachers go to school about 11.00 A.M.come from school 2.00-2.30 P.M. Some leader teachers don't go school there's aim is only salary .Out the useless and uninterested teachers because they are the burden on Govt. and Education dept.Create the Quality of schools nor the Quantity of schools.Low quality of primary education is reason of failure is the teachers.
2 0 why there is need of reservations(education and jobs) in 21st century?? . i believe reservations suppress talent
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/newstime.assam/photos/a.425911590859346.1073741... Students from prestigious Handique Girls’ College of Guwahati were prevented from entering Taj Mahal by authorities because “their faces were looking like foreigners” ---------------------------- my question to MR Prime Minister .. how many yrs will it take to figure out that assam is in India or in China . pls respond my humble request
2 1 I want to draw attention of Finance Minister. Normally senior citizen make their WILL and dispose of their property as they want. My suggestion that, there should be a Income tax Law for superior senior citizen (80 years and above) to transfer their property with out ant stamp duty. As in the case when the property is received through WILL (attracts no stamp duty). Thanks Ashutosh Kumar 9350420944
3 0 We must make meditation mandatory in all the prisons and must teach them various arts and also train them to do some productive work like pottery, weaving, etc. So that when they are released, they will at least have some skill by which they can make a living.
2 1 Great Topic -Alongwith Reforms in Police Dept ,Definitely Jails of India Needs Reforms: 1)All Jails Must Have Tie - Up with Local / National Approved NGO's for Healing , Getting Feedback , Real story, Help in Resolving issues pending in Courts (2)Good Help to those who are  Juvenile, Young , Foreign countries (3)Each Jail should have SME Activities of Producing & Making - Day to Day Needs Products (4)Each Jail should have Yoga & Meditation Unit (5)Each Jail should have Common TV News Viewing F.
2 1 Provide them with paints (art materials) and Canvas to paint. Art can be a medium of inner self development.
3 0 like Ms. Kirean Bedi started Prison reforms in Tihar Jail, through Yoga& meditation, there is one more way which can help every individual to know  their positive and negative strengths and to overcome it. The tool is " Graphology" . A good graphologist can tell the exact thought process in ones mind, positive & negative traits.  If we wish to develop a particular trait say " sincerity, positive nature, confidence, will power / mental strength" we need to write few alphabets in a certain manner.
0 1 Education is based on Research related With future need of the people before 25 yr
0 0 A smal modification can be made to The smart cities which are tobe created . At present the existing villages should be identified and the population living there should be personally identified, lands adjacent to the villages tobe identified, houses built by government inthose places, given to the people who had lived in the adjacent village and their original house in the village be taken over. thereby MODIfying the villages.
0 0 We must concentrate upon "let not become criminal of aam aadmi".  Since aam aadmi is harassed & distraught by not getting any help from the civil society, govt org. everywhere-transportation, hospital, police, courts etc. Most of the criminals offend due to non getting right services on right time.  So govt should focus mainly to educate the people consequences of crimes.the govt should stop encourage liquor,smoking etc.
0 0 I feel we should take adequate steps for utilisation of existing infrastructure in all fields be it education, manufacturing or any other field. Some of the medical colleges are not taking admission  to its full capacity and keeping the seats vacant. This is against the national interest. In a country like India we should utilise all the available capacity to its optimum level to improve. Similarly, some of the established industries are just eating the public money without producing anything
1 0 Education  should be visually and movie base so easily understand by children
0 1 These CCTV facility available in every gali or road for stop the crime.
1 0 Every rush area should be CCTV facility.
2 0 Every two kilometers have should be dovlop of medical facility for consation rates for every people with OPD facility.
3 0 Our Education System is best, but due to some influenced people, student who deserve education  they are lack behind due some financial reason or due to not having link with politician. some plp are so talent but just becz of not having any qualification degree they stand behind. plz give chance to the person who deserve to be.otherwise it will be a social crime to the society if they are getting admission to any medical colleges due thr power.
0 0 Medical facilities should be cheap and best and it should be provided in every city. most of the doctors referred to cases in other cities /states because of lack of facilities in their areas/local hospitals. today, the hospital's expenses is very high and a man from middle class family cannot afford those charges. So Medical family should be cheap.
0 0 Our education system is not very good. It is very costly. It should be cheap and best in all private colleges/universities, because most of the peoples from middle class families cannot afford the high cost of fee.
0 0 India is lacking behind in sports....we should start efforts to rise sports in our country....Indian government should start new schemes to enhance participation of youth in sports and provide better sports facilities to them....
0 1 Honorable PM, I am first time investor. I booked flat in Noida sec 107 @ Eldeco Sharnam in 2010. After 5 years still I am waiting for developed to complete the project and hand over the Flats. My deeply request to you intervention in Real State issues and do something to break Real Estate Developer Nexus- Ritesh Gupta
4 0 Bhart me population rokne keliye  gov.  Ko tax me rebate  dena chhahiye jisase log kam bachhe payda karne ko utsahit ho. Example: yadi kisi employ ke 1 child hai to  usee  total tax per 2% or kisi employ ke 2 children hai to usee total tax per 1% ki rebate mile.or girl child ho yo 1/2% extra.
3 0 Hon. Prime Minister, India, I am submitting you an innovative draft on appointment of 'grameen mitra' in every village. This proposal will definitely help the villagers and it will be a revolutionary step for transforming the village life. I request you to pay attention on it. Thanks and Regards, Dr. Akshay Y. Bajad "PROPOSAL FOR APPOINTMENT OF 'GRAMEEN MITRA' (FRIEND OF VILLAGERS) IN EVERY VILLAGE" [1] SELECTION PROCESS: (A) Gram Sabha of every village will have the power of selection/election of grameen mitra. (B) The members of gram sabha will be able to select grameen mitra with mutual understanding (C) If more than one candidate are interested then the selection should be done by voting at gram sabha meeting. (D) If more than one grameen mitra are required then the candidates having highest number of votes should be selected. (E) The selection/election of grameen mitra should be done in the presence of BDO (Block Development Officer) or his representative. [2] ELIGIBILITY: (A) Besides being a citizen of India, the individual should be a domicile of that village. (or any village which comes under the jurisdiction of that gram panchayat, in case of group gram panchayat) (B) He/She should not be less than 21 yrs. of age. (C) He/She should be at least HSSC (Higher Secondary School Certificate) passed. (D) He/She should not be a government employee. [3] NUMBER OF GRAMEEN MITRA FOR VILLAGE: At least 300 people of voting age to 1500 (population) : 01 1501-3000 : 02 3001-4500 : 03 4501-6000 : 04 6001-7500 : 05 7501-9000 : 06 [4] EMOLUMENT: (A) Grameen mitra will be considered as a volunteer (like ASHA workers). But state government should give fixed allowance to him. (which will be based on a basic set of activities which he will have to perform every month) (B) In addition to this, state government should give him outcome-based remuneration and financial compensation for training days. [For example: (1) Bringing more than 30% of the total members for gram sabha meeting = Rs. 200 per meeting (2) School admission = 100 Rs. per child (3) e-literacy = 200 Rs. per candidate (4) Travel to the tehsil/district/nearby cities (for helping the villagers) = 100 Rs. per travelling] (C) The stationery allowance should be given by the state government. [5] TRAINING: (A) Before appointing the grameen mitra, state government should give him training for at least two months  (B) The training will include the basic knowledge of local government, Indian constitution, right to information act, consumer protection act, prevention of atrocities act, banking procedures, various government schemes, land registration, computer and internet, etc. (C) Capacity building of grameen mitra is a continuous process. He will have to undergo series of training episodes to acquire the necessity knowledge, skills and confidence for performing his spelled out roles. [6] OFFICE AND TIME OF WORKING: (A) There will be no separate office for him. Villagers will be able to approach him directly at his home, at any time. (B) The time grameen mitra spend on his tasks (3 A's - Awareness, Aid and Attention) will be relatively flexible. [7] ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Grameen mitra will basically perform three types of roles in village life, viz. a social reformer (by making social awareness), a friend of villagers (by helping the villagers) and a vigilant citizen (by examining the functioning of gram panchayat and government officials). [3 A's of grameen mitra = Awareness, Aid and Attention] (A) AS A SOCIAL REFORMER: (1) He will work for the involvement of villagers to create a mass movement to improve quality of life in village. (2) He will go door-to-door to give detailed information about various government schemes. (3) He will make awareness about superstition, casteism, female foeticide, child marrige, honour killing and other social problems and will work against them. (4) He will make awareness about health, sanitation and education and will take efforts to stop the leakage of students from the schools. (5) Some villagers are apathetic towards the gram sabha. He will generate enthusiasm in them to take part in the gram sabha meetings. (B) AS A FRIEND OF VILLAGERS: (1) Some villagers (mainly women and dalits) hesitates to raise their questions in gram sabha meeting due to fear or shyness. They will be able to tell their problems to the grameen mitra before gram sabha meeting. He will put these issues in gram sabha meeting on behalf of them (without mentioning their names). (2) He will help the sarpanch and panchayat secretary to provide the benefits of government schemes to the needy villagers. (3) He will provide a common platform to all the villagers for their queries and complaints. Any villager having any type of query or complaint about any government official or service, will be able to directly submit it towards the grameen mitra. It will be the duty of grameen mitra to forward these queries and complaints in a proper format to the respective departments and to take regular follow up of them. (as majority of villagers are unaware of where and how to register their complaints and from where and how to get information) (4) Grameen mitra will guide the villagers for obtaining agricultural loans from banks, cast certificates, income certificates, domicile certificates, etc. from SDM (Sub-Divisional Magistrate) office or tehsil, for registration of lands at sub-registrar office and for other official works. (5) He will go to the tehsil, banks or other government offices with the villagers, who are illiterate or completely unaware of these procedures, for helping them. It will stop the loot of illiterate villagers by the corrupt government officials and will save their important time. (6) He will guide the village students regarding the career opportunities and will help them for taking admission in the colleges of nearby cities, for higher education. (7) Government should provide him a computer with internet facility (at his home or at gram panchayat office). And it will be his duty to give basic knowledge regarding the use of computer and internet to the villagers. He will also help the villagers to get information about new agricultural techniques, recent agricultural trends, weather conditions, etc. (8) Students will be able to get his help to obtain information about various exams, scholarships, job vacancies, etc. and to apply for the same. (9) He will work to resolve the quarrels between the villagers and will try to secure peace and establish unity among them. (10) He will try to resolve the disputes between gram panchayat secretary, sarpanch and gram panchayat councillors and will maintain good relationship between them. (11) He will be able to give innovative suggestions to the sarpanch and gram panchayat councillors to promote the programmes of adult education, family welfare, etc. [C] AS A VIGILANT CITIZEN: (1) The quality of life indicators such as primary education, employment, safe drinking water, open defecation free village, toilets in individual houses as well as public places, solid and liquid waste management, cleanliness of all public places as well as individual houses, pucca roads and streets, transport and last mile connectivity, power and street lights, primary health center, internet connectivity, reduction in infant mortality rate and maternal mortality rate, etc. will be periodically assessed by him on behalf of the villagers. And it will be his duty to produce this assessment report at every gram sabha meeting. (2) He will raise the issues related with public interest in gram sabha meeting. (3) On behalf of the villagers, he will examine the functioning of school teachers, PHC doctors, gram panchayat officials and other government employees which are providing service to the villagers and the official records of the same will be scrutinized by him. (4) He will also have the power of examining the functioning of sarpanch and village councillors. (5) He will produce his report on the functioning of these government officials and elected members at every gram sabha meeting. (6) He will be able to just praise or critisize them before the villagers in gram sabha meeting but will have no power to take action against them. If there is any serious issue, he will be able to send his report to the BDO or other concerned departments. Shortly, he will perform a role of lokpal (or we can say it as a 'grampal') at village level. In this way the active inspection by grameen mitra will lead to enhance the quality of service and to reduce corruption. [8] WORK ASSESSMENT: (A) Grameen mitra will be accountable to the gram sabha and thus he should produce his work report at every gram sabha meeting. (B) The periodical assessment of his work will be done by the gram sabha. [9] REMOVAL: (A) Once appointed, the grameen mitra will remain in service until his retirement age of 60 yrs. or death. (B) He will be able to give his resignation to the sarpanch. (C) If he doesn't work satisfactory then the gram sabha will be able to hold his allowance or suspend him (for maximum of 2 months). (D) If a request letter for the dismission of grameen mitra, signed by at least 100 members of gram sabha, is given to the BDO then he will have to give order to arrange a special gram sabha meeting. In this meeting, under the chairmanship of BDO or his representative, voting will be done. If the dismission of grameen mitra is supported by a majority of members (and by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the members for women and dalits) then he will be dismissed. And a new grameen mitra will be selected/elected in his place in the same gram sabha meeting. »Clarifications for your questions: (A) How does the position of village mitra avoid the duplication of panchayat councillors or members? (1) Panchayat councillors are the representative of their wards while grameen mitra will be selected/elected by gram sabha. (2) Village councillors are accountable to the villagers of their wards where as grameen mitra will be accountable to all the villagers and will provide service to them. (3) The duty of village councillors is the proper utilization of the fund for the development of villagers while grameen mitra will inspect their functioning. (4) Some duties of grameen mitra related with social awareness coincides with the duties of village councillors but here we have to understand that they have to work together for the involvement of villagers to create a mass movement to improve the quality of life in villages. Besides this the other duties of grameen mitra are far different from the duties of village councillors. (5) Village councillors are elected for 5 yr. term where as grameen mitra will remain in service until his retirement age of 60 yrs. or death. In this way the position of grameen mitra avoids the duplication of panchayat councillors. (B) How does the position of village mitra avoid the duplication of panchayat secretary or officials? (1) Panchayat secretary is accountable to the BDO while grameen mitra will be accountable to the villagers. (2) Panchayat secretary performs all administrative work of Village Panchayat like recovery of taxes and fees, recording proceedings of Village Panchayat meetings, giving notice of occurence of vacancy in a Village Panchayat, serving the notices of motion of no confidence, maintaining the accounts of Village Panchayat, maintaining the accounts of cattle-pounds, maintaining the records of births and deaths in the Village Panchayat, etc. and he works for the government and sarpanch where as the grameen mitra will work for the villagers. (3) The duties of panchayat secretary and grameen mitra are totally different from each other. In this way the position of village mitra avoids the duplication of panchayat secretary and officials. (C) Shall he be a government officer or elected member? He will be an elected volunteer. But he will get fixed remuneration (which will be based on a basic set of activities which he will have to perform every month) + outcome-based remuneration (like ASHA workers) and financial compensation for training days. (D) Do you want him to sit regularly or work like a freelancer? (1) There will be no separate office for him. Villagers will be able to approach him directly at his home, at any time. (2) The time grameen mitra spend on his tasks (3 A's - Awareness, Aid and Attention) will be relatively flexible. (3) Though grameen mitra is considered as a volunteer, we can't say him as a freelancer because he will get fixed + outcome-based remuneration from state government. (E) Any proposed number of population a village mitra shall serve? At least 300 people of voting age to 1500 (population) : 01 1501-3000 : 02 3001-4500 : 03 4501-6000 : 04 6001-7500 : 05 7501-9000 : 06
1 0 This is a open letter for priminister   of India,hope ever my post reaches him, this is a more than five times I have wrote this topic,Hope if people care will take my post .In our country filmstar ,film actress ,cricketers are role models,high media attention is given to them,why not the people who die for the country ,why not a function is arranged by government of India,to honour them,give them awards and adequate respect,financial help.Also start a website where details of these war heroes are given.They should be shown as role models.Please do this dear sir,hoping a reply if ever my post is taken seriously.
0 0 i saw many people still are not using bank accounts provided by jhan dhan yhojna , i asked few of them why r u not utilising that ,they said that it is better to use currency in form of notes n coins rather than  paying  extra 50 rupees while depositing money , it would be better if you provide 3 chances a month for free deposits   for jhan dhan yhojana accounts thank you
0 0 When an under-trial person is languishing in Jail for long time without trial, the reason must be investigated by independent authority ( NOT pakistanis ) and strict action taken against people concerned. They are making mockery of our Justice System
1 0 Respected PM,Each and every Unorganized workers such as rickshaw drivers,welders,fitters,carpenters,masons,truck drivers,cleaners,launderers,Agriculture farmers etc work needs to be calcuated on hourly basis and points shall be given. For every hour 0.001 points be given.This point shall be Named as National development contribution point(NDCP) for their contribution to nation development. For points more than 100,monthly payment as pension shall be given.They will feel they are also Indian.
0 0 Respected Modiji ' As you always say I am a Pradhan Sewak likewise all Chief minister will automatically turn in to Mukhya Sewak and Mayer turns in to Nagar sewak and Sarpanch turns in to Gram Sewak because of this Sewak adjective all that pepole serve as a Sewak it's a little step but changes the mindset of all those pepole who thinks like king.
1 0 Village ki halat improve honi chahiye jisse ki waha ke people city me na aaye aaj village khali ho rahe hai. waha per development ho tau ye problem samapt ho jayegi. iske liye 5-5 village ko ek saath jodna chaihe pakki road se and common hospital, college, park jo bhi ek city me hota hai wo 5 village ke group me ho
2 0 India's population is increasing by 2-3 crores every year. If govt offer incentive of Rs 10000 for those who undergo family planning surgery, drastic control of population explotion will occur in coming years.Nearly 50 lakhs to 1crore births will be avoided every year.  The amount needed will be just Rs10000 to 15000 crores per year. This is just 1% of india's annual budget!
1 0 Inorder to change prisoner to good person, moral education/yoga, one work/job need to teach -  where they can survive with that job. In India population/resources are more. Everyone should be utilised or everyone should work that culture we have to bring. All Jail manual work can be done by them. In healthy style also man has to have food and work. That is good for health as well.
0 0 Th International Day of Yoga which PM modi has supported showlud be suppoted by all Indians and to show th world. Suggest we all rise eqrly and come to worship and come to pray. It is the time of Amrit Vela and the Gita says we should have a regulated awakening. It is time to start the day right;with God. this should be modeled and promoted.
0 0 I would like to draw the attention of our Telecom Minister , please start the e-complaint system in BSNL.At present no one is hearing the complaints. That's why people are inclined towards other private companies and paying more. Why do the government not starting E-complaint system in every central Gov. Department. So that many of the complaints  can be removed timely and speedy. There must be some time frame for each type of problem. We are making complaints but no one is hearing.   ...
0 0 There are persons disputed for cleanliness in the cities, offices even then we can see the dirt everywhere. For ensuring the work, someone must look after and ensure it. If he/she remind the people working under him then some change  can be observed.
0 0 Make use of the services of prison inmates compulsory for SWATCH BHARAT this way their daily routine can be more constructive and more meaningful.
4 0 Please open a group for avoiding corruption...No group seen on this topic....Also How do we address the issues a common man faces daily so that some step can be taken...
0 0 I need to bring a point to our notice that every prisoner came across some bad circumstance to be here and there are educated and uneducated. govt should discover their talent/skills and utilize them accordingly in army or any other sector after providing proper training, counselling and they should not be left as such- should be monitored regularly and should encourage them and bring love and affection by diverting their concentration towards nation and family esp showing their children/loved1
0 0 I really appreciate others opinions and definitely we can turn up every individual into a skilled warrior. jai hind, overcrowding requires proper education to couples in some parts of our country and even the most important factor i want to raise is about rapes which are raising day by day so government need to counsel them or use them in some corner of the country for some purpose where they can realize who are they.
0 0 continued..... They must be assigned to do some social work and hence they also help in the nation's building. They must also do some work which suits their talents and skills so that they come to know about the importance of job and hard work. NaMo is Only hope for a better India. NaMo rocks!!!. This is the reign of NaMo. BJP will win in all the states with Shah-Modi statergy. Narendra Man Of Developing India Narendra Man Of Deploying Intelligence. NaMo U R my LORD NaMo-The king of politics
0 0 First of all to reduce the prisoners poverty rate, corruption rate , unemployment rate, liquor and other drugs consumption rate must come down. Govt must ensure that no one is jobless and must ban the production of liquor and cigarettes and also there must be perfect security to all people especially to women this would surely reduce the crime rate drastically. Second of all to all those prisoners yoga classes must be conducted hence it cleanses their mind.
0 0 As the public opinion is that Govt. has promised lot but things are not happening as they are expected. We know it will take time to get  desired result. But in my opinion there is not controle of food items rates. Big malls and retailers are charging price as their own wish . food and civil supplies ministry work is not our expectation
0 0 I am an electronic engineer from IIT BHU, 1976. I want to creat fundamental electronic items such as SEMICONDUCTOR base. Not made in india, though in world it is made for last 90 yrs. If we miss the fundamental , how a good building can be erected ? There are many such fundamental development from every field lacking.
0 0 I have a working plan for off-grid villages, but i need support of govt. and higher authorities. If there is any scheme that can help us , please tell me....
2 0 Apart from their prison period ..Let the prisoners be additionally assigned tough social job work related to the crime they have committed...
1 0 Introduce Yoga ... Provide some manufacturing machines so that the prisoners can positively devote their life in doing something...
0 0 The youth of India CAN change the image of rural India via tech,education,labour & own honesty.#yeswecan
0 0 This is to inform you that I was going to Kamkhaya form Lokmanya Tilak on 14/12/2014 by train No : 12519- LTT TO KYQ AC EXPRESS - PNR NO : 8451430209 Coach No & Seat No : A1-44,47;  I lodge THE complaint through online(W/SR/TVC/000049312) & TTE'S compliant book, regarding coach condition but till date No response from concern dept. When you increased fare against best facility how it could be possible. Please solve my compliant as early as possible. MUKESH MEHTA -Surat-Gujarat-India
2 0 IT WAS VERY INSPIRING "MAN KE BAAT" BY BOTH TOP LEADERS OF POWERFUL NATION'S.
0 0 YOU ARE ALL LAUGHING AT KEJRIWALL  WHEN HE FASTED IN THE WINTER   YOU ARE ALL WRONG  EVERY MOTHER IN DELHI WEPT FOR THEIR SON
1 1 KIREN BDI AND NARENDERDOMODAR MODI IS GOING TO BE DEFEATED IN DELHI  THAT  IS THE POWER OF HONESTY
0 0 NO BODY HAS UNDERSTOOD BARRACK SPPECH  YOU ARE MAKING SO HYPE ABOUT INDIA BUT CHINA IS DOING 50 TIMES THE BUSINESS WITH US   HAHAHAHHA
0 0 SESHAN HAS STARTED AND OTHER PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO THEIR BEST  REAGRDS TO OUR ELECTION COMMISION
0 0 BE HONEST AND REMOVE PARTY GIING AND lIQUOR
0 0 I TOTALLY AGREE WITH HIM I HAVE GOT EVIDENCE I CAN PROVE ALL THESE POLITICAK PARTIES IN INDIA  IS ROTTEN SHIT  ARREST ME IF YOU CAN
0 0 CHIEF ELECTION COMMISSIONER  THIS IS REGARDING FOR KEJRI8WALL TELLING THAT GET OR DEMAND MONEY BUT DONT VOTE FOR THEM
0 0 HELLO
0 0 Most third world countries(the current words to be used are-Developing Countries-an oxymoron in itself, it disguises the fact what countries like India really are-They are Poor!!) suffer from a distressing lack of respect towards Women. This antipathy towards women has always manifested itself in honor killings and rape. The question then remains is why do human beings behave in such a way towards one of their own? Can Economics be of any help? How can a subject devoted to shortages and curve
0 0 We citizens have a great responsibility to the officers who keep the prisoners.The prisoners might have done a crime due to the circumstances.They have lots of talents which could contribute to Indias development
1 0 Efforts to be made to reform- 1. Proper health and hygiene 2. Vocational training 3.Encouraging education 4.Separate prisons for serious offences and for minor 5.Awareness for ethical and moral values 6. Inspiring books for development of their mindset 7. Speedness in trial for the undertrial prisoner 8. Quality of food 9.Introducing new techniques of management 10. Eradicating corruption 11. Empowering female prisoners
3 0 Prisoners too are important assets for economic growth. If they are not utilized properly economic activity can be sluggish. So they can be utilized by engaging them in works along with the moral value inculcation which will generate revenue for the nation.
0 0 CBSE can also make a learning channel on television for class 1 to 12 that can show different subject & different concept.
2 0 1. every prison should have a library with good and inspiring books.2. once in a while music should be played, it calms down the mind.3.yoga classes or surya namaskar 4. small skills should be developed in them according to their mind capacity and qualification like, mechanic , electrician, clerk so that they can be used in the prison as well as they can find work when released,5.some good movies like border should be shown to them so that they can feel some morals and their duty towards nation.
0 0 Respected HRD Minister, I am M.Sabarinath from salem,tamilnadu,as per the request from govt of india for suggestions for New education system, Following are my ideas, 1.)Education should help each and every one practically TO LIVE HAPPILY AND PURPOSEFULLY. 2.)For that from class 1 onwards mathematics,science should be taught practically by using practical day to day use. 3.)Language subjects should also be taught practically connecting the culture of each particular state and culture M.Sabari
0 1 Please use the model Kiran Bedi applied in TIhar Jail
0 0 I know that in prison ,prisoners eat their meal supper etc in ALUMINIUM PLATE.Few person know that ALUMINIUM is harmful metal for us.When we cook food or eat in ALUMINIUM PLATE,because of the heaviness of the metal ALUMINIUM stores inside our body.It is a kind of slow poison.In the time of BRITISH RAJ Britishers made this law to eat on ALUMINIUM PLATE so that our brave Freedom Fighters die early.
2 0 TODAY WE FIND A RISE IN NUMBER OF CRIME RATES IN INDIA, THE MAIN REASON BEHIND THIS IS SHARP DECLINE IN MORAL VALUES AND ETHICS IN PEOPLE. SO, SPECIAL CLASSES MUST BE CONDUCTED FOR THE PRISONERS TEACHING THEM MORAL VALUES FOR BRINGING AN INTERNAL CHANGE IN MIND AND THINKING PATTERN. THIS WILL HELP THE PRISONERS TO CHOOSE THE RIGHT PATH IN LIFE AND BY DOING SO IN THE LONG RUN WE MAY HOPE TO CONVERT THE THINKING PATTERN OF A HARD CORE CRIMINAL TO A GOOD PERSON.
2 0 YES IT S A MUST TO REFORM 1.CONDUCT YOGA CLASSES DAILY 2.TEACHING CLASSES FOR ALL TILL 12NOON ON MANNERS BEHAVIOUR STRESS 3.TREAT THEM GOOD 4.MAKE THEM WORK FROM NOON 5.DIVIDE THEM ON THEY STUDIES,SKILL& ABILITY OF WORK GIVE THEM JOB SUITABLE FOR THEM GENERATED INCOME MUST BE GIVEN TO THEM OR THEY FAMIL TEACH THEM LESSONS OF BUDDHA & GANDHI TEACH THEM IMPORTANCE OF LIFE BRING CHANGE IN THEM PLEASE CHANGE THE STAFF EVERY YEAR FULLY BCOS OF STAFF MANY THINGS ARE GOING WRONG
1 0 Exploitation of female prisoners by male police is an issue.
0 0 Prison with hygienic speciality for prisoners rest room
0 0 [Continued from previous post...] If an offender is found guilty of a simple crime such as petty theft, defaulting on payment, negligent driving etc he should be sent to a rehabilitation center. In brief, I am opposed to converting all jails into rehabilitation center. Rather I advise formation of different jails for history-sheeters, political criminals, small-time criminals, juveniles, women. That will truly change the way prisons affect the prisoners.
0 0 [Continued from previous post...] So that other people have a fear of going to jail for such offenses. As of now, people feel going to jail is some kind of an holiday in a government-sponsored high-security arena. Opposite should be the case. [Continued in the next post...]
0 0 [Continued from previous...] What I am trying to say is that providing amenities in jails is counter-productive. Going to jail is supposed to be a punishment, not a trip to a government-paid boarding-lodging free holiday resort. If an offender is found guilty of a heinous crime such as murder, graft, forgery, breach of national security, breaching social harmony, he should be sent to jail and his life should be difficult. [Continued in the next post...]
0 0 Q: What is the purpose of prison? A: To punish an offender. If a prison fails to punish an offender it failed to meet its purpose of existence. Another question is - Is prison a secondary form of rehabilitation center? Answer: No! A prison is a prison. A rehabilitation center is different, let's keep the two separate. Don't try to convert a prison into a rehab center, because by doing that you will be diluting its effectiveness as a prison. [Continued in the next post...]
1 0 There are two types of prisoners. One group is terrorists, murderers etc. who deserve extreme sentence. Rehabilitation may not be possible for these criminals. Other group is those who are prisoned due to circumstances and with minor offenses. They needs to be treated as humans. Based on the circumstances they should be provided necessary training and opportunities so they can go back to society and be part of productive society. Medical and psychological help inside the prison is very important
0 0 I think prisons must play a vital role in transforming the life of a criminal.The prisons must have all the modern amenities plus must maintain good relations with universities.It is through education can one uplift one status in society.Also the human resource available at prisons can be trained and skilled which will add value.For example if a person knows how to take a life train him in saving one.If a person is good at theft then train him in protecting our interests from foreign theives.
1 0 prison should give facilities like clean toilets,kitchen mainly. Again they should be given bed in winter or in clod places,,health and hygienic conditions to be created. Library ,teaching and learning facilities, Tv videos ,internet to some ..gardening farming and other skilled activities need to be taught ..prayer and social ethics responsibilities  need to be allowed taught..
1 0 prisoners should also be given a chance to do good things inside the prison. They should be allowed to work and earn inside the prison with their relevant skills and ideas. They should be paid according to their work and also make them a part of the human resources for the society. They should be encouraged, make them motivated and learning news things inside the prisons so that they they can impart good things to the society.
0 0 jail should be for bringing a new changerather than a free hostel and free canteen for those who commit crimes.if we engage them in activities like dance ,misic and give  them a chance to take a rise in their life.who have came out of jail they again commit crimes because nobody accept them.we should acceptable by bringing a internql change in the form of yoga.it is the best way to change the minds and souls internally.....
2 0 eradicate corruption in jails.jail officials take bribe.
0 0 Corruption in India arises at various background reasons. It is quite unfair to point ministers as they are elected directly or indirectly by the citizens of the country. Also there are differences in perspectives of views of different communities which don't blend together for this diverse nation, unlike the European countries which have same culture throughout the country. Happiness factor should be given more priority over the upper hand of money as a medium of self satisfaction.
0 0 Media often shows sensitive information that is useless for common people likewise all indian news channel are showing every sensitive information about Obama's visit which is quite unecessary .Some restrictions should be imposed on media reagarding such sensitive issues.
0 1 The trick is in maintaining a balance between punishing them enough but not killing them with moral accusations at the same time.
0 0 Dear Mr.Modi ji The key reforms for prision  is of utmost importance that prison reform is not regarded in isolation from broader criminal justice reform. Reform of the prison system should therefore always take into account the needs relating to the reform of the criminal justice system as a whole and employ an integrated, multi-disciplinary strategy to achieve sustainable impact. Thus, reform initiatives will usually need to also encompass criminal justice institutions other than the prison
2 0 Change the name of 'Prison' to 'Correction Place'
2 0 Prisons should not only be a punishment but can be made to improve people.They can work like rehab centers, a place where a person can improve upon himself. Skill development can be imparted to prisoners, so that people after finishing sentence have a talent in hand to get employed.
0 0 Central.Govt.Health Scheme .part of department of health in the ministry of health &family welfare has been giving health coverage to it's beneficiaries since more than forty years all over India for central govt employees, pensioner's. freedom fighter etcThis scheme needs revamping so that it becomes more economically viable and continues to serve the beneficiaries for which it was meant for rather than trying to privatise health sector or scaping the scheme
0 0 can we have open prison model in every state like one experiment model in thiar at delhi where selected prisoners under living normal life under vigil in accommodation  complex and working wages on daily basis. however the ultimate purpose of punishment is reform.
0 0 This is regarding salary structures of companies. The reason why govt employees have good std of living from peons to General managers is the level of disparity in income is less. With respect to private companies, I believe a rule that the maximum ceiling for salaries that can be given to employee should be kept low and be possibly a descent but not huge. At the same time the lowest class employee should be guaranteed a better income and should be ensured by strict verifications. i.e. Cap on up
0 0 Prison can be modified as reform centres.Yoga for all inmates should be introduced.sports activities can be regularised for character building.reading of religious books or books written by great philosophers like vivekananda can be introduced.Visits by religious leaders can help inmates gain confidence within themselves and rebuild their character.Vocational activities may also help inmates to earn some money and also learn at the same time.Gardening and other recreational activities.
0 0 Now a day in India most of the school not given any importance to  Physical Training. Due to same children are not very serious about their health and fitness. And that is one of the big reason why India has very less  Athletes. So  I suggest to make  "Yoga "  compulsory in the school. So it's very helpful to keep every child healthy and in this way it's help to build healthy India future.
1 0 Sir, Government of India should declare a policy for nationwide Land Census,(Bhumi Piyol). As some of our states are facing land grabbing problem by Bangaleshi citizens it will help us recapture our land from them.It will also provide a rough estimate of the proportion of the land held by induviduals and thus help in making a good Land Acquisition Policy. Thanks Paresh Baishya
0 0 If After 9/11 attack USA can attack and kill it's enemy   Terror group,then why  India can not  attack against it's enemy which is   killing everyday innocent Indian  citizen and soldier  in India . And If India will be attack on those enemy then USA will stand with India or Not ? I want answer from both country PM .
0 0 after independence why bank employees pay revision  does not take place within due time ? this is one of my mon ki bat.
1 0 Contingent issues like police reforms and adopting model Prisons should be debated in media across all states, & question state govts reluctance in police reforms
1 0 1.Implementing the Supreme court directives in Police Reforms. 2.Compulsory Yoga Classes for all Police and Prisoners 3.Residential Schools for children & mother can be made to work in the school 4. They should be Trained as skill development teachers (by establishing small scale industries near prison) in various areas which boosts their morale in society as teachers. 5. they can be trained & used as spies to serve Govt. if they are willing
0 0 Prisoners are punished for different crimes and there are different kind of psychology working behind those crimes.Therefore I think in order to reform their lives a proper study should be made of each of the prisoners and their psychology. For that,some kind of reformation cell should be set up in every prison which should include counsellors,psychologists,teachers and creative artists.The prisoners  be given proper counselling and their creative capacities must also be spotted and encouraged.
1 0 first of all we should understand why the came in prison, why the did crime thats why initially we tried to change mindset of them,make them realize of what the did & why they are here. after that work on his education.
0 0 Need to give Skill development training in Prisons and make them invloloved in Small scale industires in Prisons like Tailoring, Craft making Fast foods courts near prisons, Food packaging, Pickles making, Stating Petrol Pumps and providing employment to prisoners, etc.....Lot of small scale ideas. Once Prisoners are out, they can lead normal life by utlizing their skills learned in Prisons.
1 0 Access to Audio-video courses which may help in reformation process of inmates and lead to critical analysis in the inmates. Special courses may be designed with the help of psychologists and social scientists.
2 0 Best was to handle economic and social crisis of prisons and prisoners is starting small scale industries or business units in and around the prisons. We should see prison as Small Scale Industry and making them prisons as profit making units. 1) 2-3 weeks of training should be provided to prisoners in their respective area of interest and involve them in day-day small scale industry activities.  Most productive should be provided incentives. Prisoners can earn income with their hardwork.
0 0 We should start a large scale door-to-door recognition (For a day or maximum a week) of kerosene user, and give them small LPG gas cylinder and stove immediately on the spot on the basis of their aadhar card or Bank account number. Later deregulate kerosene. and distribute cylinders on ration-card as kerosene is given. This would pave the way to deregulate kerosene. Later stage LPG can be deregulated on the current scheduled pattern. God Bless My Country.
0 0 A person should be able to file complaint anonymously online. with drop down menus seeking certain questions like time, date, channel, paper, page etc. It should reach directly to state & central level centers, these empowered organizations would later take care of particular advertisement. Special care should be taken for advertisement targeting children and youth, that are filling coffers of unethical companies. God Bless My Country.
0 0 An American company has developed OMNIPROCESSOR, that purifies waste of 100000 people and generates pure water. It generates electricity too, and its cost is around 15 crore. I am not technical expert but we can use it for the cities on the banks of the Ganges. It would be helpful to purify the national river. God Bless My Country.
0 0 WE WANT NEED AND CLEAN POLICY ACTION FOR ALL SERVICES TO INDIAN AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE NOT ANY DELAY. GOVT STAFF HARASS EVERY PEOPLE DELAY WITH OUT ANY CAUSE, THEY WANT UNDER TABLE MONEY.
0 0 Happiness course must for every prisoner by www.artofliving.org n skills for working in factory s
0 0 Introduction of educational and vocational training. Instead of creation of reformed people instead of certified criminals. Use of fit and reformed criminals in duties of the army where under supervision they can start new lives while contributing towards the nation's defence.
0 0 start mandatory morning yog classes in all prisons and see the transformation in the personalities of all prisoners. the more we rely on indian culture the more we will be successful in our endeavours
1 0 To deal with the menace of overcrowding, better coordination between police, court and prison is required. (a)Speedy trial through video conferencing, (b)decriminalization of some victimless crimes, (c)more & more open prisons, (d)facilitation of use of casual convicts in industries beyond main prison developed as full time PRISONERS' INDUSTRY, (e)full time prisoners' agricultural farms in which most of the prison population is expert; etc. - may be considered. SS Bissa, Retd. IAS & DIG Prisons
1 0 Prison officials don't deal with dead files only,but with the life of the "offenders", those who are not always "criminals".They must be given parity with other uniform services.They are engaged in more hazardous and exacting tasks for prolonged hours.Mulla Commission specially suggested this parity.Pay parity doesn't only mean monetary remuneration but it also gives them status which is associated with pay scales. All India Correctional Services also required. SS Bissa, Retd. IAS & DIG Prisons.
2 0 The first step to reform the prison system should be to change the basic philosophy & purpose of imprisonment. Ever since the Prisons Act, 1894, legally the purpose of imprisonment is not incarceration to reform, but merely to detain the prisoner for a particular time (for convicts) or till the trial completes. The PURPOSE of prison should be to develop in the inmates hate for crime and to develop in them an eagerness to become a law-abiding citizen. SS Bissa, Retd. IAS & DIG Prisons.
0 0 This has to be done in macro scale, changing the way people understand crime in India, bring in the education system the meaning of crime, that doesn't only means big crime, even a minor crime is a crime, is punishable, and people who commit crimes are criminals for eg - theft, prostitution, public intoxication, simple assault, disorderly conduct, trespass, vandalism, reckless driving, possession of drugs etc,The citizens of a counrty should be law adibing citizens, and should know there limits.
0 0 Prison reform is mother of better Law & order situation of of any society.Presently Prisons are breading ground of crime.Most of criminals enjoy all facility ,safety and freedom in jails and even manage their illegal criminal business more safely from jails.Administration of jails should be in hands of paramilitary forces , hard core criminals should be  kept in jails of other state.Every prisoner should be engaged in some kind of productive work in the jail itself to reduce burden on exchequer.
1 0 Sirji, PART 1/6: MAKE USE OF 3 MAGICAL TOOLS – SPIRITUAL MUSIC / BOOKS / SPORTS:- I’m not an expert in this field….yet all I know that, there are THREE MOST POWERFUL TOOLS, DEVOTIONAL MUSIC, SPIRITUAL BOOKS / READING & SPORTS and this 3 TOOLS should invariably figure in the scheme of things, whenever we talk about BRINGING REFORMS IN PRISONS. All these 3 magical tools have great healing power in giving a new meaning to the life of inmates inside prison.
1 0 PART 2 /6 : LET’S GIVE THEM A CHANCE TO REFORM :- If this is permissible & acceptable as per the law of the land, then, let there be controlled access of all these 3 MAGICAL TOOLS to those who are spending their destined times in prison – so that, they come out of prison totally reformed & dedicated to the values with pure mind, body & soul!
0 0 PART 3 /6 : LET’S ALSO ENCOURAGE THE CREATIVE TALENT TO COME OUT IN THE OPEN :- Inmates who’re in prison, having talent in handicrafts, painting, or any other form of art, should be allowed with regulation, to pursue their interest, without violation of law of the land. Controlled / regulated engagement of such persons in creative activity, if any, I guess, is in the interest of convicts as well as nation.
0 0 PART 4 / 6 : LET THIS INCOME EARNED, IF ANY, BE GIVEN TO THE DEPENDENT FAMILY MEMBERS TO SUPPORT THEIR LIVELIHOOD:- The resulting product / artifacts / handicrafts, if any, can be sold through cooperative societies for earning an income to the dependent family members / girl children for education / marriage etc.., as the case may be. Govt. should also help in sourcing the raw material required, if any, for making such handicraft artifact item Let d time to be spent in prison be put to good use
0 0 PART 5 /6 : ABOVE ALL, LET ALSO INVOLVE THEM IN  ‘SWATCHH PRISON’ – SWACHHATA IN PRISON COULD REFORM THE PRISON INMATES TOO! The concept of ‘Swachh Bharat’ includes ‘Swachh Prison’ as well & let us all make them a part of this exercise and initiative to be carried out inside the premises of prison so that, the surrounding area / rooms / offices (both outdoor & indoor) remain clean.
0 0 Part 6 /6 : SWACHHATA COULD BRING KSHAMATA & COULD WELL REFORM NOT JUST PRISON BUT INMATES OF PRISON AS WELL:- “SWACHHATA” HAS A GREAT HEALING POWER IN BRINGING “KSHAMATA” & could go a long way in reforming both Prison as well as Inmates of prison all over. Two hours a week can be reserved for this works in the prison premises. So, LET’S HAVE ‘SWACHH PRISON’ AS WELL !!
0 0 it is good that you ahve roguht kiren bedi to delhi bjp which will send clear signal to corrupt BJP leaders
0 0 your ideal is to esyablish a corruption free government in delhi  no body can ever doubt  in the same way no body can doubt kejriwall intentions  if he comes to power in delhi he will run the government efficintly as per your guidance.  He will be of nusance value to some rich people but it will strenghtne your basic idea of clean central government and state govenments run by clean people like raman singh,uncla mama in rajastan and matthya pradesh and even maharstra patnavis so that you concent
0 0 dear Modiji  censor board problems, sachi maharaj and all these nonsense matter are not required for our country.  Please put an end .  I am 100% sure you can only do.  similarly allow aap to form government in delhi  it will be of a great help to you control corrupted politicians
0 0 Infrastructure is very important for country to progress rapidly, at the same time enormous fund required to build infrastructure. Borrowing money from the financial institute, private sector participation, raising money through bonds etc are normal mean , however it increases cost due to amount of interest to be paid. I am suggesting to have "Infrastructure Contribution" tax deduction which will give pride and purpose to citizens and companies.
0 0 Hon'ble Modi Ji, KINDLY BESTOW THE HONOUR OF "BHARAT RATNA" TO A.R. Rahman - the renowned OSCAR winning musician of India as he truly deserves it. If possible, kindly do it next year.. It is very important sir, he is A PRECIOUS DIAMOND OF INDIA who can't be ignored.. His devotion and dedication to his work and his country shouldn't get wasted.. He must get the real award which he truly deserves for his hard work. KINDLY ACKNOWLEDGE SIR. Warm Regards!
2 0 Hon'ble Modi Ji, I think u know A.R. Rahman - the renowned OSCAR winning musician of India. He's always made our country feel proud by winning a number of awards. He's the only musician of India to get 2 OSCARS. He's done so many achievements in music. The most liked patriotic song of India Vande Mataram is sung and composed by him. He's a genius. Therefore it's my humble to u  to KINDLY BESTOW THE HONOUR OF "BHARAT RATNA" TO HIM as he truly deserves it. Kindly acknowledge sir.. Warm Regards
1 0 We need to built two more types of prison to reduce overcrowding and also to prevent criminality training in the prison. 1 First for convict terrorist should be segregated and sent to Kala-Pani on Andman kind of cellular prisons. 2. Under-trials ( accused of lesser crime, less then 3 years punishment)  should not be kept with convicts. We need to make prison work centers other then existing prison, where under trials will work for day time and locked in night.This will prevent crime training
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM,THERE SHOULD BE THE AIM TO ENABLE THE PRISONERS TO EARN A HONEST LIVELIHOOD ONCE THEY ARE OUT OF JAIL. GOVERNMENT SHOULD TEACH THEM CRAFT WHERE THE PRISONER CAN AFTER HIS RELEASE EARN MONEY BY HIMSELF WITHOUT SEEKING EMPLOYMENT FROM OTHERS.
0 0 The aim should be to enable the Prisoners to earn a honest livelihood once they are out of jail. Teach Craft where the Prisoner can after his release earn money by himself without seeking employment from others. People will be reluctant to give Job to ex-prisoners. Form co-operative stores in all district where the ex-prisoners using the skills learnt in the Jail can his product. Govt and Private  Sector can set aside say 10% of the Budget for buying from these ex-prisoners co-op Societies.
0 0 Sir, Rather than taking down top to bottom approach, we should harness the potential of internet for skill development and bridging digital divide. My suggestion, a website on the idea of NPTEL, where content would be catering to the needs of rural India and skill development.For example:- there is no 'structured' course on Internet for learning English language.This could be extended to all other courses and the courses must be available in all of Schedule 8 languages.
0 0 suggestions for courses are:- 1. English and All schedule 8 languages. 2.Basic idea of subjects like economics,management,mathematics(for day to day purpose.) 3.Agricultural related documentaries and courses for best practices available. 4.short films for various govt. schemes They should be made from a laymen perspective They must be crystal clear about the entitlements and in detailing of procedures to go through Policies should be clubbed in occupation format e.g. farmer, trader
0 0 Prisons should be a place to transform from an evil to a gentle-person
0 0 'Under Trial' is legally a broad term. This term need to be re-defined. For example - in accountancy term 'miscellaneous expenses' covers all the un-classified expenses. Some times such expenses turns huge amount. Once it gain a huge size, it needs bifurcation. Similar bifurcation or need for re-defining is required
0 0 Why Social responsibility only to companies which are earning above 5 Cr profit in the name of CSR. There are individuals who are earning many times more than this. So my request to the government to that is please bring a legislation for Individual social responsibility (ISR) to the people who are earning above 5 Cr in a year.
1 0 Remove a reservation from all job and education by cast.
1 0 apnai apnai dharm ke book ka pura gyan daina jail me he. like as geeta all hindu ko geeta ka gyan daine se unme kuch change jrur aaiga . kuran or bibel bi pda skte h . fir unhai apnai india ke info do. taki vo apnai india kai bare me soche .
0 0 Safety for everyone in daily life. We have thousands of road accidents on an average throughout India and lacs of productive lives are lost annually. These lives can be saved if proper education is given to masses regarding safety on roads and in everyday life. We need to setup adequate educational institutions that can impart the importance of safety aspect to masses. Safety should not be a mere word but a deep rooted concept in everyone's mind. Schools need to be include this in formal study.
2 0 Sir please remove reservation in education field
0 0 The manpower management needs to be developed to properly utilization of time and effort for producing tangible assests and income generated can be plugged back to prison for development and sustainable livelihoods with human way.Jails can be developed on Aadarsh Gaon model .One jail in each state can be selected for developing this model
0 0 I strongly recommnd to use prisoners and unaccountables of India in Defence services for sweaping, construction, cooking, nursing etc ....can be trained for use in Army.....use prisons only for life inprisonment or capital punishment only......all other prisoners, beggers of the country can be used in contonments....
0 0 The fact behind the most of the anti national activities an their support by people is that there is a lack of national thinking in them. In the diverse country like India people are rigidly bonded in the shackles of their area, community, language and many more. To deform the root of anti national thinking in people the government should take the initiative to conect every single man of India with nationality . My suggestion is- Indian flag should be placed on every government building
0 0 Republic Day Hilariously, with melodious rhythm sing our national anthem Republic Day has arrived having divine message from heaven: “The earth is habitable and it is inimitable gift for mankind’s. Let us be together with hand in hand to keep the blue planet free from war and tussle by harvesting love and peace.”
0 0 Stay at jail should be responsible to the prisoners. Prisoners should not be in the belief that life jail is happeir. Jail life  should be difficult so that there would be less crimes and prisoners should be worrying how to lead a difficult  life at jail. Hard work should be given to the prisoners. If life is easy at prisons ten the crime rste will increase. Going to prison should be deterrent so that there would be drastic reduction in the crime rate.
0 0 institute like JNV. sir just feel the mentality of a student who is going to a private school in a high status and a student who is still struggling for getting four squared meal a day. the gurukul will provide ignite the mind of these under privillaged children. helping to grow in their own way , and exploring themselves. they will be made aware of their inner talents , the power of time  and hard work. the major cause of the destruction of the present students is adopting the modernity
0 0 mutual growth. for these activity first of all parents should be councelled. constant motivation is require in order to keep them on track till their maturity.all the aspects of life  should be made aware to them.the efficiency of JNV is not as par it should be . JNV is not able to produce good results rather than keeping good marks in board exam. the reason is due to a routine life.no specific rule should be made in the process of learning. they often become casual after entering in to a free
0 0 indescent activity due to lack of moral sense. the future of country is at stake for these type of  youth.it will be highly beneficial for us if we guide youth at their tender age in a gurukul. wide range of provision for practising yoga , meditation and public speaking ability should be made.all yhrsr require only land where it is free from all the vehicular pollution, noise , and some green muffler around the gurukul.a good understanding and cooperation among the students will help their mutua
0 0 to a mind like helping, serving or for somr constrictive work. all the students will be observed very minutely and taking care of them as a whole will create a mass movement in education. the aim of gurukul is to make education cheaper for poors. it is important to focus on the kind of education provided rather focusing on showy nature of modern schools. we will never able to compete unless our conscience is developed.they will be shown today's youth are engaged in taking drugs, performing many
1 0 being a active follpwer or fan of celebrities has resulted in loosing their valuable childhood. if they are not going to be like them rather wasting  of time only. TODAY'S YOUTH SPEND UP TO 12 HRS IN FASCEBOOK LIVING IN A IMAGINARY WORLD. gurukul students should be made free from all these activities. until their conscience roars they should not be given a mobile also. learning does not require money, good infrastructure, tie , suit, desks but a strong desire and interest. diverting their mind h
1 0 how the gurukul is different from other schools. while i was reading in a public school the students used to comment teachers..ODIA SIR HERO CYCLE RIDING.  it has dual meaning.they neither have any respect for teacher or  faith for teacher. only  the money, material, and power has made them blind. one more student has commented that  SIR YOU ARE WEARING THE SAME SHIRT FOR THREE DAYS. .  all these reflect the status of their mind.gurukul students should be made free foom all such aberrations
1 0 all the students will be inspired to die for a noble cause, . they will be taught to rule over the hearts of other to serve country after they grow up. strong sense of hatred will be in their mind for sensual pleasure. ready to go to any part of world  to serve . only . they will meditate , concentrate on particular thing in order ti increase their patience. they will take care of their own kitchen garden to feed thmselves. by this INDIA will provide man power to the whole world by 2030.
1 0 PRANAM MODIJI, opening a gurukul will definitely help the students of low background in even .today's world is the world of coperatn , help, motivatn , inspiratn rather than competition like that of public schools. in building a strong sense of patriotism, humanity, bravery, moral sense , helping nature will make them strong to overcome all type of hardship in their life. showing them photos, videos, animation and inspiring them from very childhood will nt limit their goal to job but to serve,
0 0 Sir, it is need to create career centeres in rural areas. There are multy skills in the rural students. They cant use their skills because of lack of the testimonias. If we directly reach to the. Then it wiil more effective use of our extra ordinary skiils to develop india..
0 0 prison can't be reformed but take all the money which they have eaten in the custody , by making a jail factory where different hand made product will be produced and they will not be given money only standard of food will improve  instead of wages
0 0 Subject- Setup & nurture career centre. In my opinion these centres should be located district & sub district wise. Furhter a team of specialized peoples should be formed who will visit school-school for providing guidance. Services like career counseling, forms related to different courses, name & address of primer iinstitute & eligibility criteria for getting admission in these institutions should be provided. Name of these centres should be something in Hindi like 'PADHO & BADHO'
1 0 Sir the first step towards development should start with our own step
0 0 Sir drug abuse is ramphant in prisons and prisoners use an y means to get them.Prison officers need to be more vigilant.drug free prison programmes can be implemented to end this practise.
0 0 ,In every court punishment order it is necessary to  specify what  work he will do in prison, or work table should be there with pay minus govt expense on foods , it is necessary for reform with strong step towards changes with police ,hospital , etc
1 0 I propose, Inspiring and encouraging movies to be shown to prisoners, because we think society is against crime mentality of the criminal not the human behind the criminal. In this way many people can understand the truth of life and later may serve some good work.
0 0 INDIANS INVEST BLACK MONEY IN PROPERTY. INDIA GOVERNMENT MAKE COMPULSORY ADHAR CARD AND PAN CARD INFORMATION FOR ALL PROPERTY REGISTRATION AND THIS INFORMATION MATCH INCOME TAX AND WEALTH TAX RETURNS. IN INDIA WEALTH TAX NOT PAID BY PROPERTY HOLDERS. GOVT TAKE ACTION FOR THIS. IF GOVT MATCH ALL PROPERTIES BY PAN AND ADHAR CARD BLACK  MONEY SHOW AND PROPERTY AAM ADAMI KE PAHUCH ME AA SAKTI HA.
0 0 Pl use them to make cement bricks so that govt can use them to give house to everyone by 2022....
0 0 As per the rule prisioners are not allowed to use mobile phones, but some prisoners use it illegally and some police officers themselves allow it for the sake of bribe. For any reason, if they want to call they can use the landline at the cell common for all.
0 0 The things manufactured or produced by them like any hand made products or crafts, should be sold in market at good price and the amount should be utilised for their benefit.
0 0 entertain them and make them help people
0 0 moralistic literature, spiritual classes and mediation classes to develop positive thinking and providing knowledge of scientific agriculture for their self dependency to turn them into right path. it should be a place for reforming people, not for making evils of society.
2 0 need to reform and trained the BSNL persons for improving services and getting business as private companies doing. i have tried so many times for BSNL mobile connections for our Uflex Ltd Plant for our all employees bu till now there is no response. if same i have done with private  operator they will come to us several times for getting business but BSNL has does't care about business.
0 0 Here I want to say that there should be some educational programs for the prisoners. They should be encouraged for better living after their release from the prison. They should be given some training about self small business. For the women prisoners there should be a better arrangement for their children. Prisoners should be informed about the programs those are planned for them. Most of the prisoners do not know about these programs. Without knowing that they can't improve themselves.
0 0 Sir, I have a dream that common men ( incl.middle class ) at least get three times food at reasonable cost. people like me cannot  imagine even a 1bhk home , car and other luxaries. At least can you make system that will ensure a common men to get three times of food in a reasonable cost.
0 0 repected PMji, writing about another subject for common men. Sir , How to controle price of  house hold food items. As I am seeing local traders are selling those house hold food items without any base. They are not giving any attention to reduced petrol/disesl price. currently no system is to check these type vendors and big malls. Malls & local traders are charging as per their wish.
1 0 I would like to suggest some steps:- 1. Providing prisoners the work of their choice. It could be writing, singing, exercising, gardening or anything else that is legal. 2. Prisoners should be taught the constitution of India for making them aware to laws. 3. Jail administration could connect the products made by prisoners with online marketing. 4. Women prisoners should be given extra facilities. 5. Prisoners should be provided 'Certificate of behavior' in jail after their release.
1 0 Whenever a person is released from prison, he/she should be under surveillance and should be motivated to do something productive and lead a good life. Gov may even try to rehabilitate them.  The gov should interact with all the family members of prisoners periodically and see what the problem is and help them to rehabilitate the prisoners when they are set free.
1 0 Prisons should be provided with law libraries for the use of inmates. All procedural laws should be made available in local languages in all prisons and the under trials should be given free access to such books including law journals.  Thus they can get to know their rights and their limitations. It will work as a deterrent in future if they understand things.  A mygov like site should be there for the inmates to lodge anonymous complaints.
0 0 The Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 was landmark in the fact that it laid down a legislative mechanism to deal with arrested and convicted persons. Preferably, the Parliament should adopt such a legislation to standardize the operating procedures in all prisons throughout India.
1 0 According to a famous psychological experiment, controlling the behaviour of inmates is often easily achieved through introducing a points system in prison. What this basically means that the inmates would get bonus points for good work they do (whatever they're assigned), and negative points for flouting rules or indecency. This keeps competition alive, which has scientifically been shown to reduce bad behaviour, and increase acceptance rate of inmates in the society after being released.
1 0 Inmates should always be kept busy with something. "An idle mind is a devil's workshop." Whatever be it: reading books, singing, sports, doing yoga, cooking,... anything. They should live like as if they have work to do, doing light activity all day through, with breaks for meals, relaxation, and proper sleep.
0 0 So far as mental rehabilitation is concerned, inmates should be introduced to religion. Even if they are not, there should be regular classes to teach moral values and principles to them. Even if they do not accept it, the mere fact that they are listening to it subconsciously can have quite a big psychological effect.
2 0 show them some good and life changing videos, ask the to help people in jail,ask them to read some good books , say them to pray and they may get some peace,show the vidoes on how to live
0 0 We believe that attention to these areas will bring improvements to the administration of prisons as well as have a knock on effect on the administration of justice overall.
0 0 A major area of our work is focused on highlighting failures of the legal system that result in terrible overcrowding and unconscionably long pre-trial detention and prison overstays, and engaging in interventions to ease this. Another area of concentration is aimed at reviving the prison oversight systems that have completely failed.
0 0 It seeks to achieve its goals through research, legal analysis and advice, advocacy, capacity building, network building and conference facilitation. Over the years, we have worked in different parts of the country including Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan, and West Bengal.
0 0 The Prison Reform Programme is focused on increasing transparency of a traditionally closed system and exposing malpractice. The programme aims to improve prison conditions, reform prison management, enhance accountability and foster an attitude of cooperation between the various agencies of the criminal justice system in place of the prevailing indifference and discrimination.
0 0 A sentence of imprisonment constitutes only a deprivation of the basic right to liberty. It does not  entail the restriction of other human rights, with the exception of those which are naturally restricted by the very fact of being in prison. Prison reform is necessary to ensure that this principle is respected, the human rights of prisoners protected and their prospects for social reintegration increased, in compliance with relevant international standards and norms.
0 0 Prison reform is the attempt to improve conditions inside prisons, establish a more effective penal system, or implement alternatives to incarceration.[
0 1 Standards of prisons in every aspect must be upgraded to as of U.S (as we see in T.V).
0 0 Prisons need to be correction homes and repent homes. A prisoner's  mindset is to be changed, though difficult but not impossible. This task may be entrusted to educanist , philosophers, dharmagurus. Their potential may be utilised.
0 0 Sir, i would like to advice you to make such traffic Fine system in which police man will not have to collect fine but cctv camera will click the pictures of vehicle and registration number which will generate fine for breaking traffic rules and fine should me high enough so that they will not break traffic rule again and again. fine should be send to address by post. this will reduce bribe system and make people aware of traffic rule
1 0 Sir, I do have a suggestion to literally give a break on corruption for Traffic police fine rates. People do not want to pay a larger amount as fine for breaking traffic rules,so ultimately they turn for bribe. We can put a full-stop by just reducing the fine rates. If we do so, people would not mind to pay the reduced rates as fine and would be really proud by taking part in step to reduce corruption. Moreover the revenue earned will be much more as today it goes to policemen,please consider
0 0 January 11: Add ed a Post Sir if we assume aur population yuth 50 crore hai, if all give 1 rs each for a day then nation get 50 crores/ DAY..it will continue for perticular span of days ex.if 30 days/year then get approx150 crore (15arab)..and if u will take care,then it will be more also because u know well in india today MODIFEVER aur mai janta ap desh k liye kuch krna chahte hai aur mai bhi.So to aisa banking me software karo jo apni above reqrment puri kr sake ya fir op system se kuch karo..PLS THINK OVER ONCE.
0 0 January 11: Add ed a Post Sir if we assume aur population yuth 50 crore hai, if all give 1 rs each for a day then nation get 50 crores/ DAY..it will continue for perticular span of days ex.if 30 days/year then get approx150 crore (15arab)..and if u will take care,then it will be more also because u know well in india today MODIFEVER aur mai janta ap desh k liye kuch krna chahte hai aur mai bhi.So to aisa banking me software karo jo apni above reqrment puri kr sake ya fir op system se kuch karo..PLS THINK OVER ONCE.
0 1 Sir.. to my idea about money build,sir i request to u ap kuch aisa system kare ki am admi bhi desh ko nirmal mn se arthik madad krna chahe to kr sake,fir wo garib ki ek rs se lakho rs ki ho aur wo ose confirm aur pardarshi vyvhar kr sake..fir wahi paisa apn apne desh ka arthik boz km krne me,ya global loan chukane me,ya kathin samay me kr sakte hai..surwat me ye bhot choti lagti hai pr age chal k yahi madad bhot bada role play kr sakti hai as we know BUND BUND SE GHAT BHARTA HAI.PLS THINK CONT..
0 0 Namskar resp PM MODI Sir AND Congratulations..sir my idea is about money build for nation.. sir ap ne jan dhan yojna nikali aur implement bhi ki it was an class idea but ye ho gaya sarkar agar am admi ko dena chahe to...aur agar am admi apne desh k liye,ya maa k liye,usk kathin samay me kuch madad krna chahe to kya?kaise karega? apne desh ka system to jante hai aap..Wo chahe fir ek rupye se lakh rs ki ho,wo bhi kaise krega aur wo pardarshi vyvhar se....TO BE CONTINUED
1 0 We have to learn to accept them back in the society, after they have passed the punishment time in jail and have fully recovered, Their daily routine should be recorded in jail and their skill development time, all good and bad behaviour is recorded if they are improving, they will be set free faster and employment quotas in all jobs, that has to held with total confidentiality, they need to given chance, Crime can be a stigma in society, and only by education we can bring change and upgrade it!
0 0 Hello Indizens, I can see there are many people creating profiles & becoming a member here by curiosity but that's. It enough to build something solid & changing something nationwide.. I urge all of us to keep writing & posting, keep sharing your views. What led me write this was, there are many persons from Kachchh district from Gujarat but none has posted anything.
0 0 There are few steps in my mind which we can take to heal the Hunger & none would sleep without eating in India & if we can go ahead, the whole world. But we need firm action & a lot of support
1 0 Reformation of the prisoners is a tedious task. Some days back i saw in the news that prisoners in Punjab Jails are being taught to play drums and bagpipers.It is a great move. Prisoners can be good teachers because they have the worst experiences of their lives. Reformation is from bad to good guy, and they can teach this reformation to the next generation. Gandhi ji says Man is never bad, his deeds are bad. After giving up bad habits they can be used to teach good messages in the society.
0 0 Sir, unless our prisons are cleared of the backlog of undertrials no significant reform can take place. There needs to be faster time bound disposal of petty cases, beyond which, a principle of time lapse & hence release of undertrial should be followed. Where ever possible arbitration should be encouraged. All cases, unless a significant cause is presented, should be decided in a time bound manner, after all justice delayed is justice denied. All prisons should have counsellors & skill trainers
0 0 I am just wondering why not our govt tie up with private sector to enable Navodaya schools achieve highest standards in imparting education to talented children of towns/villages. Many of the Navodaya schools started during 1990s are have declined in terms of infrastructure and standard of education. If India's software giants like TCS, Infy and Wipro could adopt these Navodaya schools there is nothing better than that.
0 0 PRACTISE OF YOGA LIKE ASHTANGA YOGA OF PATANJALI OR VIPASSANA OR ANY SUCH MEDITATION SCIENCE COMING FROM SANATAN VAIDIC CULTURE CAN TRANSFORM PRISONERS. BUT BEFORE THAT POLICE PERSONNEL NEEDS TO BE TRAINED IN THAT.
0 0 Respected PM , . In Gadchiroli (maharashtra ) a Jail constructed before 3 years but yet not started,15crores spent. Most of wiring in jail stolen cracks on walls; jungle in primises watch tower broken. Gadchiroli is naxal affected district of maharashtra. Many innosent tribals are in nagpur jail relative cannot meet them in nagpur because it is 400 kilometres away from gadchiroli. Please give direction to maharashtra government to start this jail early,
0 0 to the prisons to report on the condition of prisoners.ON its report guilty persons can be punished.
1 0 life.after sudarsana kriya yoga was introduced in trivandrum central jail,the general reaction of the prisoners was ..had we got this knowledge before we wouldnt have reached here..(as reported in newspapers) .That means any attempt to reform them really works. As per the second category there should be an advocates forum to visit the jails to take up the case of innocent victims.Gross human rights violation is another problem. This can be solved by periodic visits of human rights commission
0 0 Sir Two types of people end up in prison .first group are criminals and second innocent people.regarding the first,every crime is a product of dehumanised mind.This means the mind of the person was dehumanised through hostile circumstances.Behaviour modification therapy can be adopted to rectify mal adaptive behaviour and they can be trained to view life in a positive way and adapt well with the society.yoga and meditation can be introduced to reduce stress.let me cite an example from real cont
0 0 Most of women are victim of circumstances so they should be treated with sympathy. They should be trained with women centric skills like knitting and tailoring etc.Similar to previous suggestion, the market is available thru online market. They should be provided with Sanitary Pads as an essential need. Skill development manual should be available thru video and online mode. Anonymus complaint system would make authorities more responsible, ultimately improving conditions. God Bless My Country
0 0 Each area has some geographic specialty.like crafts, carpentery, pottery etc. identified with their location like Sankheda of Gujarat is with wooden works, Saurashtra of Gujarat with Bandhani, Rajasthan with cloth printing. Prisoners should be trainned with that art. Later their product should be available online, it would be sold eassily as they are associated with Geographical Identity. This would provide employment to inmate, survival of local craft and money to jail. God Bless My Country.
0 0 Though its state subject the states should be asked to release the prisoners who are eligible for bail, as they have spent half of their maximum term in jail. A special one month or so course should be designed for those who are set to released. So they can SET themselves in the society. New technologies and avenues should be introduced to them with probable prospects. God Bless My Country.
0 0 Meditation, spiritual class can be a part of prison so prisoners can understand value of life...their can be job for them related to human causes so they can earn money and value both
0 0 Make it a rule for govt, semi govt , private sector and uper class to use 25% of solar energy for their consumption
1 0 A Prison would be a Reformed-Prison when inmates dont feel like Prisoners anymore: Prison Guard Dressing should be changed to Traditional Indian wear. Prison should be painted/designed to give a feeling of home stay to the Prisoners. Prisoners should be trained in our real History. Our cultural values should be imparted. Prison should be renamed to Human Reforms center. Small time prisoners should be fixed with unremovable GPS device on the leg & assigned to government jobs.
0 0 Yearly or quarterly contract with various government departments after formal training and test ma y help prisoners to start their new lives.
0 0 Sir,maine birth-certificate banwane ke liye, puri process complete krne ke bad file block office me submit kr di. but 1 year se jaada ho gya ,unhone ab tk mera certificate nhi diya. aur file mangne pr kahte hai, ki file gum gyi. please, sir mera certificate issue krwa dijiye.
2 0 Before prison reforms please do police reforms. Prison reforms will be meaningless unless police feel committed to reforms. Police must have self-respect for their job and duties. Public would respect them also. Police is a critical part of our social life.
1 0 Prison Reforms should be preceded by Judicial Reforms. Accumalation of Cases in the Courts for decades is "JUSTICE DENIED". and this is exploited by many in indulging in Civil, Financial and Political Crimes. Expediting the Judicial exercise is VERY URGENT. Time limit for cases to be closed. Delay tactics should be dealt with a Heavy Hand. Fear of Law and Justice should be INSTALLED. Prison reforms would automatically fall in place for there is a surety that genuine criminals are behind bars.
0 0 The combining of the FIR system (CCTNS) with the JUdicial System (Case Registers) and Prison System (xxx… don't know if one exist).. can actually tell at any time who is what prison and for what offense.. How much time has been served etc. We also need to adopt some good systems from western system.. which is classifying prisons, segregating under trials from regular criminals etc.
0 0 How Buddha made the Notorious 'Angulimala' into a gentle monk, please make prisoners understand the futility of 'deceit, violence and Killing for living ' mindset and how the peace and helpful, diligent, kind, hard work and Buddhist treasures of spirituality will bring in harmony, happiness and transforms society into better place to live.
0 0 Prisoners are human beings too. We as a fast changing civilized society should give the prisoners opportunity to adopt a normal life, take care of their family, socialize and most important livelihood generation to live a respected life. Juveniles should be given an environment of love and free environment so that they should became good human being and refrain from criminal activities. Open Prisons should be increased in country. Even today we do not have open air prisons in many States.
0 0 Prisoners should be allowed to get skill training like I.T.I course, Computer course, different languages learning etc according to their choice  during their stay in Prison. They may be engaged in social works so that they could come out as a good man for society.
0 0 Prisoners should be given works according to their skils,mentality,education.
0 1 I  am  giving some lan as JPEG attachment. Any BJP's hindu or muslim MP candidate can be the CM of Jammu & kashmir , but no compromise with the withdraw of article 370(Privacy law of Kashmir)
0 0 In my opinion, on seperating prisoners on the basis of literacy level govt. Can assign them works like content writing, goods repair etc. But that to be done at seperate(under high surveillance) cells. Clean drives etc.
0 0 Sir, Pl use prisoners in river connecting project as worker. Allocate tenders to jailor instead of contractors to stop corruption.
0 0 SEPARATE PRISONS / CELLS REQUIRED FOR NON-INTENTIONAL PRISONERS. THESE PRISONERS ( who have committed the crime due to the then circumstances like Self-Defence, etc. ) NEED TO BE TREATED DIFFERENTLY. FACILITIES / OPPORTUNITIES LIKE HIGHER EDUCATION, LIBRARY, SPORTS, TEACHING TO OTHER PRISONERS, HR / MORAL ASPECTS, MEDITATION, YOGA, etc. CAN BE GIVEN TO THEM.  THESE CLASS OF PRISONERS ONLY TO BE " RELEASED FROM PRISON EARLY ( before the end of their term ) ON GOOD BEHAVIOUR BASIS ". Thanks for giving we citizens, the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843.  COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 SEPARATE PRISONS / CELLS,. RULES, FACILITIES, etc.ARE REQUIRED FOR THOSE PRISONERS, WHO HAVE " COMMITTED THE CRIME WITHOUT ANY INTENTION / FOR SELF-DEFENCE, etc. " HIGHER EDUCATION FACILITIES, LIBRARY, SPORTS,etc. FACILITIES & OTHER BENEFITS TO PARTICIPATE IN SOCIAL WELFARE PROGRAMMES CAN BE GIVEN TO THESE PRISONERS. THESE PRISONERS ONLY TO BE " RELEASED EARLY FROM PRISON ON GOOD BEHAVIOUR, etc. NORMS ". Thanks for giving we citizens, the opportunity to give our views / suggestions.  SHANMUGANATHAN B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 Prison should be monitored by camera which can be viewed by anybody from the visitors area. This will give confidence to the visitors as well as prisons from the point of view of security. Exploitation of prisoners can be controlled. Prisoners can be used productively according to their taste. Misuse of authority by authorities as well as prisoners by money and muscle power can be brought to Nil.
2 0 Sir .i want to say that .our police dress code is too old and people hate this dress .if we wanna change the image of our police in the mind of our oeople ,we should change it .ex jab hum movies me forigen police ko dekhte hai to hume lagta hai ke ye log curropt ho hi ni shakte .lakin jb hum indian police ko dekhte hai to thinking ekdum change ho jaate hai because uss dress se he logo ko nafrat se ho gai hai .new dress hogi to log bhi fresh feel krenge .thank u
1 0 prisons should have various diploma and degree courses in various fields like arts, science and commerce so that when they come out they are trained and prisoners should be motivated to  take that courses moreover They must be treated nicely. I remember a line said by Mahatma Gandhi "Ghrina Aparadh se karo naki aparadhi se."
0 0 Prisons should all contain trained councillors which can communicate to the prisoners when they seek help. Also regular counselling could improve the state of mind of the prisoners which is extremely important.
5 0 As family doctor,I have visited many jails and found that jails are not reform temples but a place to create more dreaded criminals and earn few bucks from them on plea of breaking jail manual laws.
0 0 PRISONS in india make a ndividual more criminalised nowadays, prisons should be mini manufacturing hubs, regular psychologists assessment should be undertaken, prisons should be reformative .
0 0 They will get more opportunity to reform in isolation.
0 0 Prisons should be a center for adult education. They should be encouraged to learn and facilities of library , current, etc should be provided in prison. More prisons should be constructed  with better facilities. The prisoners should be segregated based on the crime they have committed or age . This will ensure that pick pocketers and thieves do not learn more evil. Hard core criminals should be up rooted and put in a prison in a state not related to theirs.T
0 0 Dear sir, subject of this post is CLEAN INDIA. I've noticed that one day there was strike in balangir district. In the morning municipalty workers swept the streets and cleaned them as usual. In the evening when i was walking in a street I found its very clean unlike other days. So I concluded that garbages come from the shops. If each shopkeeper puts a dustbin infront of his shop and insist customers to use them then the whole city will remain clean. Every shopkeeper will obey if thr is a rule.
0 1 Sir, Pl allow Election Voting at bank's ATM through 1 vote from 1 Saving account or from Voter ID to improve voting % in both URBAN and RURAL area. ATMs are more secure and reliable than voting centers. Professionals like me will surely vote.
1 0 Hello sir i am nikhil agrawal me aapse bas itna chahta hu ki sir villages me sir medical facility oi bahut hi kami h and aap jante h ki aajkal medice k rates kitne aasmaan par h and sir ek yojna h iske liye jo ki gov ne chalai h but utna imp nhi diya jaa raha h jisase garibo ko davaiya kam rate me milti isliye meri aapse appeal h ki is yojana ko jaada se jaada imp de ....
1 0 Monthly Rental Policy: MRP. Delhi-NCT has a Large flow of migrants from all over the country for Job and Earnings but there is no fixed rental policy for those migrant, who spend all there earning is paying a heavy rents for a small houses. Owner ask for a huge amount of rent for no facility house and for small house. The earning increment for every year is very small whereas 10% fixed increment  is for rents. Govt. should take step to fix MRP as per area and size of flats.
0 1 We are suggesting a change of  Financial year from April-March to Jan-Dec Advantages 1. Year Session Duality resolved 2.Aligned with global Accounting sessions & Practices 3.paper work for new projects can be done in winter. 4.Ready with work when weather is in prime. 5. most of the work can be completed before rains. especially for agricultural and irrigational projects. 6.People can get work when they need it ie during summers
1 0 Dear Sir, We are suggesting a change of academic  from April-March to Jan-Dec Advantages Academic 1. Winter vacation in north India is cut extremely short and attending classes in winter morning is difficult for small children 2.Unneccessary holiday during session change in march which Prime weather across India. 3.The Year class duality is resolved. 4.University and Global system semester is aligned 5.Proper division in year, More sense to half yearly exams.
0 1 Binding of timing(arrival time and departure time) in govt. offices should be reviewed and it should be finished and performance based system should be introduced. Working hours in a week should be fixed and employees should be given liberty to come and go any time in office. Working should be based on performance so that time bound disposal of the files can be ensured. IT IS POSSIBLE - INNOVATION FOR GOOD GOVERNANCE - CAN BE INTRODUCED ON PILOT BASIS.
1 0 Respected Sir, I would like to share few questions which confused me a bit these days.1.why cant we have an on line recording system which record all the sounds in a data base in the ground along with the black box. 2.why the black box battery is only last for one month 3.Cant we make signals from the black box more powerful. 4.Why cant we have a system to help the pilot to inject some non poisons gas into the passenger zone to make everyone unconscious if there is a terrorist in it.
1 0 Other than skills, they should be put into test their inner talents or make them involve in recreations regularly or daily like in games and sports. If they are physically engaged and joyed with other inmates with friendship, sharing and tolerance that will definitely give them a rebirth. Everyone have a comeback even fell down on a life track and those can lead a responsible and respected life ahead with confidence of self respect by refilling skills, talents, tolerance, patience and peace.
1 0 Maximum opportunity to high class skill development that could practically lead to get jobs and better remuneration will lead the ones or coupled culprits away from further crimes. If there is enough engagement and make one more responsible in the soceity and family they ill seek for respected jobs. To get respected jobs in the soceity he may lacks to skills those could fetch jobs. There are a lot of demand for a lot of fields. So tracking and training those skill will lead them out of sins.
1 0 Hon'ble Sir There will be categorization of every accused either in J.C. or Convicted and the heinous offence related accused remain in a very strict discipline and observation and other lower offences accused can get the better facility rather than heinous offences accused as living accommodation , food facility and medical treatment and the jail of heinous and simple class offence accused should be remain in very separate accommodation and Jail remain open for one day in week for every citizen
1 0 Respected  sir     I would like to tell you that  now  the cast reservation criteria  for the competitive exam  or   for the  govt job should be removed  because talented  students  are  not getting job  due to just not fullfiling the criteria of cast  no matter if they  are  much  talented  now the  policy  must be  changed  there should be  a single criteria  for all those who  want  to  get  govt  job  and  passing  criteria  should  also be  same  for all  who  are  giving  competitve  exam.
0 0 Now a days there is debate on the subject of making Bhagvad Gita as a National Book. It is a good move, but question is whether it will help the people acquire understanding of philosophy and brilliance of Hindu thought. It is not easy to understand and interpret Hindu scriptures, including Bhagvad Gita. Swami Vivekananda's key lectures should be made part of textbooks of students of 9th and 10th standards. It will enlighten them about religion and its importance.
0 1 Why don't we issue the currencies with a validity period for 30 or 50 years.  Then only people cannot be craze to acquire by malpractices and corruption.  If this procedure adopts there may not be black money in our country.  Kindly think this on the administrative way
1 0 In India two kind of manpower energy should be channeled productively to best utilization like in China. First is people in prison and second is women such as housewives. Both these have been utilized to maximum in China to attain higher GDP growth.
0 0 Please also see this article on Prison philosophy: http://someitemshave.blogspot.in/2012/02/prisoners-choice.html
0 0 In India in particular where court proceedings are slow, there is a need to enforce an automatic bail after a certain number of years for under-trials that have not been convicted. The Supreme Court of India has expressed this sentence and there is a need to enshrine this in law rigorously. On the other hand greater strictness is required for repeat offenders. Sadly the reverse is happening in many cases in India where repeat offenders are getting out repeatedly and innocents continuing in Jail.
1 0 Any country that is considering improving its prison system must also consider reducing the prison population. They can learn from Sweden that has made revolutionary advances in this direction. It may be noted that a great number of offences can be dealt with by fines for those who can afford that and by service assignments for those who cannot. These bring revenue for the public while for keeping someone in prison the public has to pay.
1 0 Govt. should adopt a principal where only hard core criminals, rapist etc.,whose presence in the society is dangerous are to be kept in prisons. Economic & other offenders should be treated differently.
1 0 Reduce congestion in prisons by: Automatic grant of bail for undertrial after completing 25% of minimum punishment . Undertrial prisoners for murder, dakoity and other serious offence likely to be convicted for life term should be shifted to central prison of state. Untertrial prisoners with maximum sentence of 1 year prison to be automatically granted bail. Economically weaker section undertrial prisoners who can not arrange bailor should be rehabilitated by Govt. nominated NGOs.
0 0 De-stress judiciary and police/prisons by employing more personnel/judges. This shall reduce the number of convicts. Have more humane laws and reduce the prison terms. The prisoners are our own unfortunate brothers. Put prisons under PPP model so that the prison infrastructure could be improved and prisons become self-sustaining.
1 0 Prisoners should be categorised and put in different prisons, with aim of councelling and changing them to good person who have minor offences. Repeated offenders should be treated tougher for each repetation. More than 3 repetation can be treated as criminal and served longer & tougher. Excersise, Yoga & Meditation to be made compulsary.
1 1 All terrorists should be hanged or shot dead instead of giving them life sentences . This will save the government huge amount which could be used to rehabilitate the prisoners . People who commit tax crimes should be deprived of all their properties leaving them with money only enough to survive the rest of their lives. These are the sources of income I could suggest to rehabilitate prisoners
1 0 1. Increase prisons capacity 2. Permit paid services in prisons, to generate revenue for upkeep/amenties 3. Divide prisons on the basis of severity like misdemeanour, felony, severe offence, terror offence etc. 4. central govt to build/maintain supermax prisons. Terrorist should be incarcerated here so that no burden on regular prisons. 5.  offenders with less than 2 years imprisonment to be in open prisons 6. Undertrials to be given bail on completing 1/3rd term 7. Allow plea bargain
0 0 Traning and women welfare schmes: Creating  the  self employment Which will  create finanacial Freedom Toy making , wallhanging, Computer training, latest  bindi Making, locally  availabily. Finnacial  assitant  from ngos.
2 0 Their are many petty criminals who are languishing in jails for many years just because they cannot afford or no one is there to pay their bail money. Thus data of such prisoners should be collected and NGO's, general public, corporates should be approached to pay off their bail amount as charity or companies who offer jobs to skilled prisoners who got trained and secured jobs while still in jail should pay bail of their future employees who would pay back the amount  from their salary in future
1 0 Prison reform is linked to judicial reform- special courts, more judges, no adjournment on silly ground, witness protection & quick justice. Release all undertrials after 10 yrs in jails with courts' consent. This will decongest the jails & remaining prisoners will be under lesser stress. They need empathy,understanding from others besides physical & psychological support & some skills to face the challenges in society after release.
1 0 genious prisoners like mr raju or mr roy should be utilised for educating other prisoners.There should be convocations and conferences as per class of people and all types of education,sports,curricular activity facilities for development of a person.Jail management should be under a ministry directly and should be watched strictly to maintain honest standards.
1 1 to maintain standard of living.and class.special programmes should be designed as per class of people.For example people mr raju of satyam and mr subroto roy of sahara group should be utilised for nation building as long as ther term  than mixing them with illiterate hardcore criminals.people who can afford to buy facilities should have a tariff in jails to buy facilities to generate revenue,but with complete honesty and transparency.dreaded criminals should be hanged imediately to finish crime
1 0 attitude ,we produce corruption and crime.Governments have to take care of all this reformation and implement them to groundlevel with help of society too.all politicians have to think like hon modiji and should be above all in terms of nation building with complete honesty,and devotion towards nation.Jails can be an industry if transformed in right manner.and can give us genius people,if moulded well.jails should have classification of cells.i.e For poor,middle class,higher middle class,rich.
1 0 with complete transparency and bias.International jai systems should be studied and implemented in india.If jails are made heaven then the whole world will become heaven.The logic of punishment is to deprive a person from worldly pleasures and family life and keep away from society which i feel is wrong concept and we produce more criminals.Even a dog if kept closed in a room for 24hrs becomes cruel and dangerous.Since our laws are very weak in all sectors we face this problem.due to chalta hai
1 0 his/her life becomes miserable once they come out as the society does not accepts them as before.This taboo has to be removed from the society .Government should allot big budgets fro jails now and privatise them by PPP.as its an industry too.Jails should be run like call centres.There should be some value of life for such people as they are human beings.Going in jail once should change the mind of person and a good experience rather than a nightmare.NGOS Should work inside jails.
1 0 adequate space and healthy infrastructure.a person enjoying facilities outside at home should get same inside without any bias.the criminals should have seperate system.adequate security,education system,hospitals,entertainment,and honest staff and management is required.there should be a special recruitment system for staff and management.The standards should be such now that going to jail should not be a curse anymore.As its evident that once a person is jailed ,even for a week,
1 0 MULTI  LEVEL TRAIN BIRTH TYPE BEDS, CAN INCREASE CAPACITY OF PRISONS.EVERY JAIL SHOULD HAVE SOME BUSINESS ACTIVITIES LIKE TIHAR JAIL SO THAT GOVT'S EXPENSE SHOULD BE DECREASE.
1 0 on mercy of jail staff who are corrupt and play with lives of people.At times educated people do get jailed for offences in business hence there should be a class system as per seriousness of crime and education too.A jail is such a place where    any innocent person once landed loses innocence and its like a hell.there are criminals who attack innocent people and undertrials with the blessing of jail management.hence jails should have a system of bifurcation of degree of crime and should have
1 0 A PRISON SHOULD HAVE THE ALL THE SECURITY FACILITY AND EVERY PRISON HAVE SEPARATE CELLS, GROUNDS, LOBY ETC ACCORDING TO THE CRIME OF THE PRISONER.  HEALTH CHECKUP, YOGA, TRAINING PROGRAM ON LEGAL & GOOD WAYS/ METHOD TO EARN MONEY, SKILL DEVELOPMENT COURSE, SHOULD BE ORGANISED.
1 0 Dear sir,its a very interesting topic and needs immediate intervention.i always feel that jails should have 5 star infrastructure facilities in such a manner that the prisoner should not feel like going out again.nowadays our system is rotten about jails as their is lot of corruption in and out.In our indian society there are illiterate ,literate ,children,old people who commit crime due to pressures of society and circumstances.but once arrested all are put in single barracks like animals
0 0 Some suggestion for improvement in Prison Functioning: i) Professionally categorise the inmates in various groups for intermixing, level of freedom/monitoring etc. ii) Involve each with regular activities including Asan/Pranayam/Meditation with experienced teachers. iii) Ask established spiritual people and psychologists/Philosophers for knowledge session. iii) Engage each one with suitable physical work daily for sufficient times. v) Use them in services and productive activities of their choi
1 0 Crime is always an off shoot of the person's mental state. A feeling of being deprived or victimised. If each one of us becomes responsible for the state in which we are, we will have less crimes. This can be achieved by doing courses for strengthening the mind. But if there are repeat crimes, the punishment must be so stringent that no one will dare to attempt. There is no point in increasing prison space. Also not reaching a conclusion in a crime case is a crime as well. Set time spans.
1 0 If inmates are made to go through programs by either Isha foundation or Art of living, it will help them tremendously to deal with life in prison and towards reforming them as better human beings. I have attended their programs, hence telling this from my expereince.
0 0 Under trail prisoners should be provided bail immediately.  Jails should be designed like a society having factories, ways of entertainment and school for both children and education fir adult ones. Prisoners should be allowed to visit other jails. Also after conviction get over, if not easily accepted by society can be provided work in same type of factories in which he/ she use to work. Jails can be used for building workforce rather than hard criminals by adding them in ' SKILL INDIA' policy.
0 0 More than 80 percent jail inmates are in the jail as under trials. Most of them are having abundant energy and intelligence among them self. If they are given a proper and vigorous sports training it will help them in get rid of their criminal thoughts and most of them may become the good sports persons. As they do not have to spent time of any other things. So in the Jail inmates shall be put under the vigorous Sports coaching and training.
1 0 There are too many people jailed for petty offenses. Very ridiculous example: a blind man of 63 years was in Tihar jail for allegedly slapping a police officer. There should be ombudsman and social mediators selected from the society to resolve petty offenses whose punishment should be social work in the society.
0 0 1. Draft new Jail Manual studying progressive countries manual 2.Create International standard infrastructure/staying facility 3.Supply hygienic food/environment/toilets/hospital 4.Arrange skill, yoga & personality development training 5.Min involvement - .4 hr in training & 8 hr in various types of productive work to earn wages. More involvement in physical and educative work, their character will be more purified and no time in antisocial work. 6.Overhaul  security system using IT tools.
2 0 Millions of people are languishing in jails as undertrials for petty crimes.No lawer will fight for these poor & unfortunate people. Government can appeal in the Supreme Court to release all the undertrials who have completed 10 years in jail. This will make the job of the jail management & the supportive staff a lot more easier in term of space & other infrastructure.Other inmates can get better physical care & psychological support.
1 0 Separate arrangement is necessary for the accused but not convicted as many innocents suffer from jail custody for false accusation by influential, rich and muscle owned persons.
1 0 System of Honorary Visitors to Jails may introduced and to report sugestions D B Saxena
1 0 we have major issue of the force in land, if we gave them proper training to selected them who wants to some thing for their family and country, we select them for that purpose. If any one want the knowledge of any type of subject we give them from basic level to up. we use them at traffic junction for some selected time to control the traffic of our city regarding to his capacity. we use them for any type of our help for that his skill is improved & then he serve his family after jail.
0 0 rehabilitation programs should be conducted for prisoners who are about to complete period of imprisonment. socity will not accept them as a normal citizen that can affect them psychologicaly
1 0 There are several areas where we can put effort for Prison reform:- 1.)There must be a time frame to close the case based on the sections. This may reduce the bribe in  judicial system. 3.) In case of bribe / schemes / finance related charges, there should not be any imprisonment in jail. They must be fined 10 times of the suit amount and their all rights should be revoked, they should be imprisoned  at their home rather that giving them VVIP treatment in jail. Until case is closed.
1 0 We have to make sure that the prisoners have access to good health care and take actions to prevent diseases in them. Final aim is to reform them as good human beings and make them responsible in the Nation building when they are back home. I would like to volunteer to achieve this goal as a Physician of many years standing.
1 0 Overcrowding in the jail can be avoided by the following ways. 1)Speedy actions on their cases and timely disposal of judgement 2)Instead of keeping them at the Jail, according to the seriousness of the cases, they could be discharged and monitored at their homes itself till the case gets final judgement. 3)Otherwise, they could be kept outside seperately under monitor and can be utilised for social work. Also there should be subjects in our academy to teach crimes and related punishments.
0 0 Avoid overcrowding prisons.Take in a new prisoner only by discharging an existing prisoner with a lesser offence. Otherwise, place him on parole. Similarly, get rid of the current overcrowding by discharging all the undertrials or those with lesser offences, till more prisons can be built.
1 0 keeping them in the prison is physical punishment. The permanent solution would be to make them know the mistakes / blunder they did and once their awareness awakened, sure enough it will not be occurred again. They are buds and allow them to blossom by counseling AND BY FORGIVING THEM.
0 0 Would like to start my views/suggestions on the following broad principals •	 A person in prison does not become a non-person •	A person in prison is entitled to all human rights within the limitations of imprisonment •	There is no justification in aggravating the suffering already inherent in the process of incarceration Issues need to be addressed has its root in the construct of our legal system and bureaucracy revolving around it.
0 0 Would like to start my views/suggestions on the following broad principals •	 A person in prison does not become a non-person •	A person in prison is entitled to all human rights within the limitations of imprisonment •	There is no justification in aggravating the suffering already inherent in the process of incarceration Issues need to be addressed has its root in the construct of our legal system and bureaucracy revolving around it. Simplest answer to overcrowding is to build more prison with multiple floors – the question is do we have monetary resources? Let us look at the spend area in managing prisoners either awaiting trail or otherwise. 1.	 Administrative & allied cost of ferrying under trails – apart from monetary cost , it leads to corruption ( fuel , bribe from prisoner’s relative for unscheduled meetings, manpower) – enable Video Conferencing in a big way and avoid ferrying under trails except in exceptional circumstances 2.	Shift prisons to upcountry sites and unlock the value in real estate . this will fund construction of new modern prisons. 3.	Multi storied prisons to house gaming facilities like basketball /volleyball
1 0 A very happy new year 2015 to all I hope in this new year brings some  ray of hope for  thousands of people languishing in jail , waiting for speedy disposal of their cases pending with courts.  There is a need for  great reforms in our judicial system . The delay in making decisions, disposal of cases in alarming.  A reform in this area will make our jail less crowed.
1 0 You can set a fast track court for pending cases as in our jails prisoners with pending cases are more compared to prosecuted once. Make three storey block or more as per requirements. Vipasna technique had set a great example in tihar, apply all over states. Age group up to 25 and first time offenders should be kept away from regular n cruel offenders. Every division of cell should be allocated with an pshycatrist. Kitchen garden with interested good prisoners can help. Use of pets can help.
0 0 FIRST FIND WHY THEY COME TO PRISON. AND GIVE SUGGESTIONS TO COME OVER FROM THAT.
2 0 Build special class of prisons, say of one or two star standard with minimum facilities (no cell phones and computors/pads)  for  economic offenders and collect the cost of their stay from them. Why should the State feed them? Let them pay for their 'stay' ! -Anjaneya Reddy, IPS-retd.
0 0 4. Social issues regarding their acceptance after release: Teach the inmates how to live Life after getting Release. Abusing inmates is not the solution at all, tell them the importance of Life, tell them to do social work and be happy..
1 0 3. Challenge of providing adequate mental health care to inmates: Doctors are available but in Jail, Medicines are not available some times when Dr gives some medicine in written. Jail Staff also don't pay attention or take care of ordering the Particular Medicine.
1 0 2. Overcrowding: Yerawada Jail in Pune is too Much Over Crowded. No Facility is there to Control Crowd. In mates keep Fighting due to Over Crowd jail.
0 0 1. Training and welfare schemes for women inmates: Many are jailed for their Crimes but Punishment is Given to them so that they can be a Nice Human being. In Jail, Classes should be Given to inmates,'How to live Life Peacefully'
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 0 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.EVERY ONE SHOULD TAKE THE INTEREST IN THIS VITAL MATTER.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.
0 0 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.
0 0 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.OUR COUNTRY IS THE LARGEST ONE IN THE WORLD SO THERE SHOULD BE MORE CREATIVITY IN THE SAME.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.
0 1 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.
0 0 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.
0 0 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE CARE BY THE GOVERNMENT.
1 0 PRISON REFORMS REQUIRES MUCH MORE ATTENTION OF OUR GOVERNMENT.
1 0 The prison should have modern security systems CCTV camera,  hight wall, security alarm,  face &  finger detection attendance system Most importantly video conferencing with jail to court at the hearings this eliminates physical transfer of prisoners should be avoided
1 0 All criminal laws of the country like IPC, CrPC, Police Act, Evidence Act, etc. were enacted by British from 1850 onwards, with only intention to oppress, loot, convert, enslave Indians. Unfortunately, after 1947, the british transferred  power to a party created by them called congress, which in association with 'bhure angrez' (mental slaves created by macaulay established universities) continued with these laws. Now BJP should review/replace all these including prison laws for justice to us.
1 0 No one is born evil, circumstances bring destruction. I think that a culprit can be changed by proper education and surrounding for that prison reform is necessary, it will take nothing but give a lot. There would be Prison Reevaluation if we use Prisons as man-power. Rewarding a prisoner in jail if he do something good can also change their psyche of doing wrong. Appointing doctors(psychiatrist) for Prisoners should initiated because most of the Rapist, Murderer, are Psychologically Disturbed
1 0 Bjp parliament mai curption aungest Bill laye
3 0 PM sir lokpal bill ko notified karo
1 0 when the prison in jail,he/she should be trained for wealth based projects/works and also after leaving the jail based on the performance in jail they will be facilitated by loans. so, that when they leave the jail,will earn money based on their skills.
1 0 There should be facilities for  prisoners according to  their work .This motive can play a big role in mending prisoners mindsets and prison's environment. Thanks.
2 0 MYGov Open FORUM is our one stop platform to share views and ideas on issues of national importance.The issues being discussed in this Forum require wider participation and discussion among members of MyGovt.
2 0 EACH AND EVERY JAIL AND POLICE STATION SHOULD HAVE ITS OWN WEBSITE.
1 0 IN SURVEY NO.88,89,91 on dabhor road,SIDHDHARTH SOCIETY VERAVAL-362266 IN GIR SOMNATH DISTRICT,GUJRAT STATE THE ILLEGALY CLOSED ENTRANCE SHOULD BE REOPEN BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE.
1 0 PLEASE REOPEN THE CLOSED ENTRANCE.
1 0 The Prison & all activity should be detailed on the website of the particular Jail against the name of the prisoner. Each Jail and Police station should have its own website and 24*7 available 3 numbers. The activities from the arrest, complaint or FIR shuld be under CCTV SURVEILLANCE. If thre is any difficulties,distubance in the above matters than it should be a plus point for the Prisoner & also should be a minus point for the Jail authority.Surprising inspection must in each month wth media.
6 0 Prison reform can't be done without reforming Police who ask for bribe at every step -- even from the poor relatives of the prisoner. Corruption takes a heavy toll on their meal. POLICE3 REFORM IS A MUST IF INDIA HAS TO PROGRESS AND PEOPLE TO LIVE IN PEACE. Many accused spend years in custody if there's no one to bribe him out.
2 0 let the others know what the prisoner are doing inside the prison how it can be done? cloud cctv cameras can be installed inside prisons anyone can be allowed to access the portal to see the activities relatives of the prisoners can also see the near and dear ones
0 1 Banks in India should have a five day week on par with their counterparts in developed countries. With the availability of Alternative channels like ATM, Internet Banking, Telebanking and Mobile Banking, the absence of brick and mortar banking for 2 days in a week will not be felt by the masses.
2 0 Prisoners must educated as per their skill,a jailor should not treat them equally ,coz they from various atmosphere and various crime record,among them so many good attitude must found,and use them in good work.
1 0 ( 1 ) BESIDES, THE MINIMUM WORK / WORK-TIME OF PRISONERS, THEY BE ALLOWED TO DO EXTRA WORK / STUDIES / SKILL DEVELOPMENT. ( 2 ) SUCH EXTRA WORKING / SKILL DEVELOPING PRISONERS, CAN BE RELEASED FROM JAIL AT AN EARLY DATE ( subject to their conduct ). ( 3 ) COMPOUNDING PUNISHMENT / JAIL TERM SHOULD BE GIVEN TO ALL PRISONERS, FOR EACH JAIL TERM / OFFENCE. ( eg : For 1st jail term / offence - Single punishment,     For 2nd Jail tem / offence - 1.50 times of punishment of 2nd offence,  For 3rd offence or jail term - Double the Punishment of 3rd offence, For 4th Jail Term / Offence - Life Imprisonment, etc. ). Thanks for hearing the views / suggestions of we, the citizens.   NOW ONLY, THIS GOVT. / DEMOCRACY IS FOR THE PEOPLE. Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 Everywhere education should be done for moral. Developing a skill. So that they can work and earn.  As per saying in Tamil, "Kaithozhil ondrai kattru kol kavalai illai oththukkol" we have teach them thozil/job and moral.
0 0 Tolls in Mumbai?
0 0 Before other things done black sheep in police uniform to be identified & weeded out. Two policemen Working under IG Allahabad namely RadheShyam Tripathi SI & Const Pramod Pandey need to be investigated for committing series of crimes through organised racket & police offiicials not in a position to identify their own men involved in crime. Complaints on policemen to be haken seriously if things really required to be changed positively.
0 0 Sir, UP is worst affected State, where organised criminals implicating innocents in falseSC-ST cases for blackmailng harassing. Organised racket operating. Aggrieved citizens may be given protection by putting real criminals to book.
0 0 there is need of vast improvement in case of prison reforms. first of all crime inside the jail should be stopped, the cell should have CCTV cameras, prisnors should be educated and prisoners should be kept according to their crimes. because some first time prisnors become hard core criminals after coming in contact with deadly prison inmates.
0 0 Jail ke kediyon ko pehle to psychological treatment dena chahiye baad me inspirational speeches ke zariye use motivate karna chahiye or jiske paas koi skill, ya rozgar nahi hai to use trained karna chahiye jaise ahmedabad ke kedi bhujia banakar bechte hai. lekin unse hui kamai par sab kedi jo bhi is kam me madad karta hai use deni chahiye jisse unhe paise kamane ka zariya mil sake aur uske vichar crime ke badle dhandhe me divert ho jaye. Jyadatar crimes paisa aur dhandha nahi hone ke karan hai.
0 0 " The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons"
0 0 We believe that attention to these areas will bring improvements to the administration of prisons as well as have a knock on effect on the administration of justice overall.
0 0 A major area of our work is focused on highlighting failures of the legal system that result in terrible overcrowding and unconscionably long pre-trial detention and prison overstays, and engaging in interventions to ease this. Another area of concentration is aimed at reviving the prison oversight systems that have completely failed.
0 0 It seeks to achieve its goals through research, legal analysis and advice, advocacy, capacity building, network building and conference facilitation. Over the years, we have worked in different parts of the country including Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan, and West Bengal.
0 0 The Prison Reform Programme is focused on increasing transparency of a traditionally closed system and exposing malpractice. The programme aims to improve prison conditions, reform prison management, enhance accountability and foster an attitude of cooperation between the various agencies of the criminal justice system in place of the prevailing indifference and discrimination.
0 0 The single most important cure for violence and brutality isn't any sort of secular conditioning. Rather, it is the intervention that has most often led people throughout the world to true inner change: spiritual conversion. While the ritual practice of religion itself — Roman Catholic masses
0 0 Sir, In jails the prisoners should be given education and for that they should be kept in sections as per their crime and each sections has to be strictly monitored by one section head.Crimes inside the jails should also be monitored & controlled. The prisoners should be given jobs like farming, cooking, cleaning etc and should make them a better person not a hard core criminal..
0 0 Q TO harden criminals can be humane if the prostitutes volunteer to join in prison at private cells and satisfy their lust on the expenses of exchequer for good reason to use both the crimes volunteer and compelling situation within and find the grooming of love at both end for optimum human feeling for the like minded open society other wise deprived one..
0 0 All the prisoner should be treated with due respect. Police should be trained so that they behave properly with them in civilized manner and give them a equal rights feeling in society. All prisoner must be trained in there interest area should be given a fair opportunity. If you look at data you will know most of the prisoner are from ignored section of society.
1 0 for the reformation of prison we have to reform ourselves at basic level. we have to amend the various IPC act n must have some strict rules to file a case. cause today many of the prisoner are there, just because of false charge and allegations filed against them. n more over we should have fast track court n speedup our courts because still tax payers are fooding many of innocent people lyk them just because of slow process which gv them judicial custody for a long
2 0 Best is bring reforms in judiciary so the re would be no need in prison reforms. Everyone knows that if a politician is sentence to jail he is going to enjoy all fivestar facilities over there,then what is the use of this prison reforms Criminal law reforms must be brought up rather than prison refory
1 0 Prisons of the country are breeding centers of criminals ,where small criminal turns to Hard core.hardcore and rich criminals enjoy all type of facilities with connivance of jail staff and even operate their gangs from jails.Separate jails should be for ordinary and sensitive inmates who can be reformed and be converted in responsible citizens,they can be warded by present jail staff.Hard core criminals and anti-national activist criminals should be  under ward of Military or Paramilitary forces
1 0 Sir, This is good topic to discussion but my only request please do something for Undertrial Prisoner  who are kept in jail however no single hearing have done in their cases or they had already crossed the limit of punishment.
3 0 Politicians should be kept in separate jails.
1 0 1. Provide basic amenities to the prisoners 2. Provide mind relaxation tools 3. Create livelihood opportunities through skill development initiatives. 4. Provide interactions with the industries, for creating job opportunities for safe and peaceful life after their release. 5.Eradicate any corrupt elements in any form in and around prison.
1 0 Prison reforms, there should be no prisons, but villages or small protected towns, where the normal life of a person continues, under a certain boundary and certain restrictions, putting a person in a jail is ruining his life as well as his families life. Certain hard core criminals should be in prisons, others with non serious crimes, should be put in those secure villages or towns and let their life continue like normal. Otherwise we are breeding criminals.
0 0 1) Education is top priority to educate the culprits, 2) Meditation will control the mind and change the outlooks, 3) Give basic rights, 4) Hardcore rapist and rapist must not be protected, 5) Two system of reforms needed- one for mild crimes and other for serious crimes, 6) Juvenile must be properly educated and make them reform through good company, 7) Life term prisoners must be able to dedicate for the society through social work inside the jail, 8) Prison must be the place for reformation.
1 0 Jails should be used to convert people from inhumanity to Humanity. They Must be given complete and practical education 1. Health 2. Employement 3. Social Law or Dharma 4. Meditation 5. Spiritual education.
0 0 1.yoga and meditation 2.empowerment training 3.counselling and medication 4.training emotional control technique 5.regular education on moral values and general education 6.setting up of small scale industries in prison
1 0 Prisons shall be set up with more area to manufacture products that are inexpensive and doesn't require lot of training. This way, in the long run, prisons can be self-sufficient in funds and also helps the economy by prviding much needed daily goods cheaply. However, all the lots and batches of finished goods must be quality tested by a local private lab or in-house lab before distributing to the market. Chinese and Korean prisons have excelled in this process and can are good source to learn.
0 0 Environment of a prison should be such that criminals would try to improve themselves and take oath not to indulge in any crime. They should be encouraged to utilize time in creative activities in nation building.
1 0 Jail authorities should encourage the inmates to develop their hobbies. For example, if one inmate knows painting, then his art should be encouraged. This will not only help the other inmates to follow suit, but in near future this hobby can become handy for the Jail Authority.
0 0 There should be a feed back / Suggestion box which should be opened within a week or at the time of inspection by the higher authorities of the government. This will bring transparency and will further help to root out favoritism etc.
1 0 The Vocational courses for the inmates can also be started with the help of NGOs so that  after their release, they should not face any difficulty of sustenance.
1 0 There is need of Social development of the Prisoners by organizing festivals or some important events and their participation should be encouraged in such programs. Blood donation camps can also be organized. This will help in bringing them into the main stream.
0 0 There is need to develop creative activities like Yoga, Quiz, Sports etc competitions should be held amongst the inmates so as to develop competitive spirits in them.
0 0 Under trial Prisoners are escorted in Prisoner van of Police dept by deputing 2 Police officials with each prisoner. By doing so, a huge amount of govt exchequer is being spent along with wastage of time and man power. There is a acute shortage of manpower of police officials in many districts of our country. Once e-peshi Project is fully implemented (not fully implemented in our country), this problem will be automatically resolved. So, please do the needful.
0 0 Dear PM Sir,  Ms Kiran Bedi had undertaken Vipaasana Meditation during her role in Tihar Jail.  I wish these programmes be held for both the police force and prisoners.  India is a 5000 year old civilization where the idea of justice is correctional rather than vengeance (revenge).
0 0 Sir, prison reforms are long overdue. They are basically correctional / reformative centers. Unless on isolation / death row, most other inmates can be gainfully employed, learn a new skill - cooking, baking, tailoring, computer skills, furthering education, given counselling on health and stress / anger management so that they can integrate with society on release. Counsellors whom they can approach if they have problems on release & who will check on them should be appointed.
0 0 Prisons should be reformative centres where hortculture,acting,writing etc, are developed rather than places of corruption to supply drugs,mobiles or misinformations.
0 0 Prisoners should be councelled and they should be participated in productive activities.
0 0 Firstly, Social Justice Courts shaal be formed for tge prisoners who might get jail for 1 year or less and shall be awarded with Social Service as their sentence for their crime. These Social Justice Courts shall take due care for rehabilitation of the prisoners booked under this section. Secondly, Personell Ability Identification Cell shall be formed at district level to separate prisoners that from the hard core criminals and those who have heinous crime allegations. Thank you.
1 0 Priveleges and amenities be given to a prison whose conduct and moral reform starts in fast pace
3 0 yoga,meditation,reiki to be included in reforming list
2 0 Handicrafts to be made by prisoners, games such as carrom,chess,ludo be started
1 0 a prison is a place where interactive sessions can improve the reform management. let them teach with their own experience. meditation and yoga training should be a compulsion. also, one of the major concern is the job facility for them after they have completed their imprisonment as it always leads them to the world of crime again even if they wished to start afresh as no one accepted them with faith. help them stand on their feet after their release, this will give them a new path.
1 0 A prison will have all type of people. Each one can teach their skill or profession to others. For eg if a prisoner is a tailor he can teach tailoring to other interested inmates and so. This will help them to make their living after their release
1 0 Yoga classes should made compulsory for all prisoners. Good movies with social message (espcially short flims) can be screened every week. Library can be opened in each prison. Swacch Bharat project must be adopted in every prison and prisoners can be made to clean public places with proper security. Monthly medical checkups for prisoners. Sessions by motivational speakers can be conducted in prisons.
1 0 First & foremost prison should be a place where one realises his/her past mistakes and transform into a good human being. Prisons should be maintained neat and hygienic. prisons need not be luxury suites but basic amenities should be properly maintained. I would like to say few reforms that can be made in prisons. First farming, though at present it is being practiced in many prisons across India Organic farming should be practised in all the prisons based on the area available in each prison.
1 0 India is a strange Nation! Its prisons are populated mostly by undertrials. When a verdict is  passed, by then, person must have spent more days than any punishments handed over by Judiciary. Is it fair? Hence the questions to be asked should go along with Speedy systems of Justice. PM repeats repeal of unneeded Acts. Speed it up too! An ancient system of production of hardened-criminals in Courts, gives ample scope to "escape", incl.terror-accused. Why can't Judges have Courts inside Prisons?
0 0 PRISON REFORMS CANNOT BE DONE IN ISOLATION. IT HAS TO BE A COMPLETE PACKAGE OF LEGAL REFORMS, JUSTICE SYSTEM REFORMS, POLICE REFORMS ALONG WITH PRISON REFORMS. SUCH TYPES OF PICK AND CHOOSE, PIECEMEAL, COSMETIC REFORMS WILL NOT YIELD ANY RESULT UNLESS ALL THESE SECTORS ARE ADDRESSED SIMULTANEOUSLY.
0 0 Suggestions for Prison Reforms with this attachment. Please check it. Thank you !
1 0 speedy trial and speedy justice what we need urgently. there are millions of undertrials lounging in various jails. please increase the number of judges and create adalats near every prison for speedy disposal of various less crime cases
1 0 ( 1 ) SEPARATE PRISONS REQUIRED FOR CIVIL & CRIMINAL PRISONERS. ( 2 ) EVEN IN THE CASE OF CIVIL & CRIMINAL OFFENCES-categorisation of offences like Accidental, Negligence, Severe & Very Severe, etc. can be made and according to category of offence, prisoners can be distinguished ). ( 3 ) Serial offenders / More than 2 offences can be categorised as " SERIOUS OFFENCE "  & THEY CAN BE DEALT AS REQUIRED. ( 4 ) PRISONERS FOUND WITH CELL PHONE, NARCOTICS, BEEDIs, SIM, CARDS, MONEY, etc. CAN BE POSTED TO NEXT UPPER OFFENCE CATEGORY. ( 5 ) OFFENDERS CATEGORISED AS " ACCIDENT / PETTY OFFENCES " & SUBJECT TO GOOD BAHAVIOUR CAN BE EDUCATED / SKILL DEVELOPED & CAN BE RELEASED ON GANDHI JAYANTHI / REPUBLIC DAY, etc. ON COMPLETION OF AT LEAST 50% OF THEIR TERM OF PUNISHMENT. Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
1 0 Prison are one of biggest source of corruption in India .These steps can be taken.1.Enforce strict laws  to stop mobile and high profile treatment to well known criminals.Encourage educational activities in prison.3,Engage some of Criminals in secret services.4.Engage some of criminal groups in government related project for national and state security.5.Engage them for agricultural and other where government revenues can be earned.
1 0 segregate the prison security and prison administration. Privatize the prison administration, which would be run by women only. Test this suggestion in one state or district first. See the effects. Dissolve the issues.
2 0 Prison reforms should have the goal to reform prisoners. Increase capacity, study prisons across the world, study impact of designs, colors, graffitti. Separate violent prisoners. IT enabled. Integrated data tracking for prisons across India. Connectivity to courts. Enforce strict schedules, rise early, simple food. Work on mental issues by including gardening, sports, kirtans. Skill development which can be useful after release. Partner with self help groups and turn their lives around.
1 0 generate electricity  by prisoners.like bull did.kholu k bail. roz gumaoo bizli banaoo.install moving genrators at jails
2 0 Prisoners are burden to the government their services may be utilized towards Swachh Bharat (Clean India) campaign also..
1 0 Please make them educated and ask police professional to speak in good language.
2 0 Involving all prisoners in some kind of activity, which will fetch revenue to the concern jail. Activities like : basket making, match making, art on phone covers, making watch etc
2 0 Video Conferencing facility should be implemented on urgent basis between courts, Jails, Police stations, hospitals etc only for the purpose of extensors of remand and recording evidence of Medical and other Forensic experts etc. It save lot of man power of police department (because at least 2 police persons required for one prisoner while transferring him from one jail to the court)  and the expenses of our government will be reduced while implementing Video Conferencing facility.
1 0 PRISONERS ARE ALSO OUR CITIZENS. PLEASE PROVIDE ADEQUATE/REASONABLE FACILITIES/AMENITIES/PRODUCTIVE TASKS TO THEM AND HELP THEM COME OUT AS RESPONSIBLE CITIZENS TO THEIR FAMILY AND THE NATION.
0 0 prison system is totally outdated. We do not need to punish people for crime but we need to develop better person in prison, a new system I want to deliver. my system will also reduce the crime.
1 0 Apart from prison reforms you need a criminal justice system reform as well becuase nowdays it has become a fashion to accuse innocent persons of crimes which gathers maximum media attention and media creates story and publishes his face and defame that person so judge reading morning newspaper is already conviced that this person is guilty, we need system to punish such score settlers
1 0 its open secret that whoever goes in prison goes back there again as there is no reform system and many convicts need rehabilitation as due to psychiartric illness they have done crimes we need a strong medical system as well so when these people come out they are reformed then spoiled
0 0 kadio ko court lane wali gadio mein kadi bhaut buri tarah se bhare hote hain jabki hi sakta hai ki wo criminal na ho
0 0 hame saja ke liye sirf kad ke alawa kuch aur trikae bhi sichna chahiya jaise kisi ngo ke saath kam karna ya koi social reform activities as clening of city etc.
0 0 The prisoners should be only provided with the basic amenities required to live. They are CRIMINALS and should not be given any sort of special facilities/treatment especially when the cost of these are borne by the taxpayers.
0 0 1. National Prison Reforms - 5 year plans - More space badly required, basic facilities, capable doctors, recreational jobs 2. Proper classification of prisons,and prisoners (intensity of crime, sex) 3. CSR funds - special benefits who invest in prisons 4. Prisoners who have knowledge of vocations - carpenters- be employed in workshops. Plant nurseries, furniture shops,etc. be set up and income from sales be distributed amongst prisoners Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti 9780005656
1 0 #1. Corruption in jails normally happen with the help of politician and some jail officials. #2. All jail officers should follow jail rules and regulations strictly. #3. Directly terminate their jobs if any officers caught in corruption. #4. All prisoners are treated equal either politicians, actors, industrialist, officers whatever. #5. Do not give spacial facility to particular prisoner.
0 0 1. Corruption must be stopped 2. Provide education through digital asset like projector 3.  Get work done by prisioner 4. Introduce yoga for metal and physical health 5. Provide motivation by allowing communication with all other prison throughtout state / india. 6. Best practice by state should be shared 7. Community work should be made compulsory for specified amount of time
0 0 Corruption in jails must be stopped with cctv installation. Kiran Bedi has shown how prisoners can be reformed. We need to reform police and jail officials. Then only it can happen.
0 0 It should be seen that prisons should not be funded by the government and the prisoners have to make there living. "No Work, No Meal"
0 0 "Rehabilitation" should be the philosophy behind prisons. Prisons should help the prisoners to change there life style, this can be done by teaching morals, devotion to God, educating them that how there crimes or fraud activities have changed the life of there family and the victim's family and teaching skill which can help them to make living after they come out of prison. The purpose of prison should be to "change the character of the prisoner" but not just to keep him away from the society.
0 0 Categorise prision on the charges n crime n keep them seperately.
0 0 Privatize prisons like in the US.....the is no need for government to run and operate prisons....
0 0 the best prison reforms is to find some method by which society stops producing criminals. the highly unjust economic and political system is the source of all crime and criminals. if this un-equal and unjust society is not reformed, prisons will be needed, but it should be converted into a vyakti vikaas and parivartan kendra, will all prisoners engaged in socially useful work. prison administration should be handed to a para military cadre separate from state police to get rid of many vices.
0 0 Best solution to immobilize reservation system in India is by giving reservation to every caste based on the percentage of that caste living in India, general category system is to be removed. Reservation for every caste is based on percentage of people living in the caste, if general category is removed and reservation to all is the best solution to show equality among people of India without removing reservation.
0 0 There must be strict rules for kerosene and rash an distributers ,those distributors who r fully dipped into corruption they must be audited ,recovered and must be strictly punished
0 0 I AM MEMBER OF BJP MY NAME OF RAJPAL VILLAGE SHEKHUPURIA PO PANJUANA DISTRICT SIRSA PIN CODE 125055 I SC CANDIDATES OF MY VILLAGE NO JOIN ANY BOY /GIRL IN GOVERNMENT JOB LAST 40 YEAR PLEASE SEE THA MARK HOW I GOING IN GOVERNMENT JOB I AM BA +ITI PASS IN COMPUTER SIDE NOT ANY WAY IN SEEN MY LIFE PLEASE SEE THE MARK PM JI
0 0 Jandhan Yojana  To increase bank accounts integrate this with Public Distribution System where in we can increase in Bank Accounts.
0 0 Sir-first to develop India we want to compose the waste material so first we want to give a tender in cooperate companies not in cooperation because they have no responsibility then collect this waste a compose using the technology used in srilanga the people were not obey this give them fine (10000 to 20000). money
1 0 Agriculture and agriculture related activities are the only activities that can be sustainable and economically viable for the prisoners reforms and automatically for the prisons reform in return. I can share my experiences in this regard. I am a farmer and environmentalist and have been practicing sustainable farming and sustainable living and can help the prisoners with skills of self reliance.for eg.making soap and natural detergent from soapnut tree fruits.making natural body wash etc.priya
1 0 Sir we can makes a new social media like facebook to share our ideas with the government smand makes the peoples and government friendly .
1 0 Sir to develop India first we want start from our house
0 0 Sir I have a concept and prototype of a system which produces electricity with Out any input based on magnatic levitation.This system can be used where transmission lines. are not available like hilly,remote areas. If government is interested can contact me.I am professionally an electrical engineer
0 1 if 50 crore indian people can be given military training and skill development  it will create an extraordinary strong message to the world especially to our neighboring countries
1 0 as a technical person i will give my service of 3 days in a week free of any cost on mechanical and electrical engineering subjects   lot of good thinking highly educated people will definitely volunteer from such worki
0 0 the above suggestion should be immediately I modi, ,parikar and HR minister should jointly work on this project which has got lot of indians (preventing the huge young force on which modiji is pinning his hope  and induce patriotism and discipline in the young peope so that India do not become of a rogue and useless young population
0 0 skill development with compulsorry military training for all youth ( 6 months period as their curriculum)  the training can be given in various states by the idle military persons retired from army wasting time and money  and consuming military rationed alcohol   these totorl efforts can be used from river connections, bridge works cleaning desalting  of rivers.
0 0 when we can invent best technologies missiles , so why we cant make a best fighter aircraft . and it means HAL  is not performing its job as good as ISRO.
0 0 Govt. is wasting money by pradhanmantry gram sadak yojna as the road is very small and after 5-6 year govt again making it double in चौड़ाई , thats the waste of money . and the cost of expenditure is also doubled in that second phase. so we at primary stage itself should make a road as good as a double lane .
0 0 i suggest rs one surcharge on all railway tickets costing over rs one hundred for construction of under bridges and over bridges on railway lines. time of millions of people is being wasted on rly crossings. unmanned crossings and large rly staff at such points can also be eliminated.
1 0 Respected PM Sir, Kindly advise me that where may I send my ideas for the development of India. I have got an idea with respect to development of  Indira  Point so that we may attract shipping traffic for various reasons such as transhipment, bunkering, store/provision supply, repairs etc. My email id is cpksss@gmail.com and my mobile number is 9480202677. Best Regards, Capt Pravin K Singh
1 0 Our prisons should take a role of skill development in prisoners. Efforts should be made their placements after completion of their. Our private sector should take a lead in it. Some insentives should be given to such employers who help in rehabilitation of our distracted persons. Most of the crimes are committed in frustration.  Prisoners need love from the society rather than hate. Once they have realised their mistake they need society's help to settle down in main stream of the society.
2 0 Please make arrangements to provide training to prisoners and encourage them to form commercial cooperative ventures. Cooperative ventures may be in creating affordable housing, road construction, cleanliness, beautification and maintenance of interstate highways, planting and cultivating trees along national highways, mining and transport contractors,  etc.
0 0 for a clean india..what I feel that we want public toilets more in number....even in the roadside of the national highway..again we need more dustbins in each colony...and the administrative officers must visit to the each colony and tell them  about the cleanliness. .
0 0 National Integration through recital of National Anthem loudly and proudly every day : I remember in childhood days school use to open with National Anthem Jangana and use to close with Vande Mataram...Can we consider practice of starting Man ki baat and ending man ki baat with National Anthem please ? Gradually every day at 1000 and 1800 we should have nation wide National Anthem recital for all those who can participate together...Best Wishes..Bharat Mata ki Jai--Jay Hind.
0 0 Sir,I belong to the district of haryana where sex ratio is least.the beti bachao scheme is a good initiative but more is expected from parents and society.girls born with great courage to fight against difficulties but always need support of parents.if a mother is strong nobody can harm her child and mother will be strong when she is educated and independent.so let them study, support them. We all discuss about this,but can't inspire ourselves.despite all this girls are struggling and proving .
0 0 The administrative reforms may be brought and officers may be made accountable for their actions;the structure of the department should be analyzed properly; the functional work of any department is being done by 30% of the total workforce of the department and 70% work for administration & accounts; rules may be simplified so that atleast 70% workforce of the government service may be utilized for effective delivery
0 0 Jaihind Bharat,i want some suggestions for improving education,specially technical education in private sector institutes,i listened 'man ki bat' today.students have great pressure to perform at each step.this pressure also lead to drug addiction.if these institutions performance is analyzed,you get negligible results,and most affected are sstudents and their future.please don't affiliates these to aicte board and proper regular inspection should be done.there are no trained faculties no labs to
0 0 the people who disregard and disrespect females should be treated in the same way.This is the only way i guess disrespect women can be stopped... Street romeos should be severely punished.. Very strict laws should be made against them also the girls should be allowed to live independently just as the boys...we all know this but what steps are we taking???  Still the girls are treated like toys in parts of states..women development = nation's development..
0 0 mera suggestion is bar railway se related hai. mera suggestion hai ki  lambi duri triain me bhi satabdi train jaisi comfortable chair car wali bogi ko lagana chaiye isse jayada seat create hoga aur isse train me crowd ko behtar tarike se manage kiya ja sakta hai.
0 0 Hon'ble High Court punished the VC and MHRD taken action and handed over the charge the duty of vice chancellor & registrar, but corruption they spread before 4 year must be punishable today my capacity is 3000 student remaining student sit in footpath and reading in street light. He made buildings only their favourite teachers, courses running since 1983 of social science is still remaining without building and classroom. So guidance of commissioner of Bilaspur or other officer from MHRD look.
0 0 Hon'ble PM Sir yesterday Mr.Amit Shah ji visited C.G.this state has a central university since last 5 year Laxman Chaturvedi & MSK Khokhar both spend money 400 cr.in saundaryikaran, road,footpath etc. But today Now VC and Registrar changed by MHRD UGC-NET exam on going but this university is not capable to exam of 4500 students so they went to other colleges. So Action must be taken against these officer who wastage money in unwanted tasks wheater my objective is teaching and facilitating of stu
0 0 Many hadcore criminals operate from Jails. They provide them with Govt security that is safer than their own goons. One way to restrict this is to equip all prisons with mobile jammers. The officials should use dedicated PBX like the one used by Army and BSF. This will bring down crimes by significant fraction. At least the organized crimes by gangsters will be restricted, if not eliminated
0 0 Sir, From jan. 15 the gas subsidy will Be credited to  a/c. I  don't want to take benifits of the said subsidy. Sir If a better service will  be provided  for non subsidiers  like fast supply with out queue or pad and take lpg than we can motivate the richer consumers to take lpg with out subsidy. If you give facility  to  non subsidier  than can save more amount of subsidy by increasing non subsidy consumers Of  LPG
0 0 Employment generation is good but bankers are not responding the pmegp programme they are only look for business not to try skill  development and genrate the employment.i saw this in korba
0 0 Sir, we have a large no.of accused as undertrials. The wheels of justice seem to be stuck, there should be a time limit for disposal of cases, more centers for arbitration & release of undertrials in petty cases depending on time spent behind bars. Prisons are correctional centres & should prepare the incarcerated to lead a normal life on return to society. They should be taught skills - baking, weaving, computer skills etc. & should be aided to study further. Yoga & counselling can be added.
0 0 As a government employee I would like to suggest that lal fita sahi is the biggest draw back to uphold any reforms.following are the few steps required for the prison reforms. 1.A effective police who must be trained to deal with the prisoner. 2.Human approach and the help of the phycologist required to bring up the mental status of the prisoner. 3.good accommodation and meal for the prisoner. 4.composition of team of personnel for redressal of prisoner grievances. 5.handsome remuneration.
0 0 SIR-fuel save ke liye no-1-road ki halat thik+bridge banake lamba rasta ko chota korne hoga,oil pump me mialabat aur kom fuel dena rohkne hoga.Jis ka chalte aam public shalo se parisan,officer log bhi sab janta hai.lekin...2-Battery  gari me sarkar ki subsidy+tax less korke+add de ke sob ko utsahi korne hoga.4- purana gari aaj bhi kala dhuya fekte huye humara road pe chalta-police chanda leta aur naya 2 wheeler me fine korta hai.bandh korne hoga SARE DESH me.4-fule me need ki anusar subsidy,
0 0 Respected Sir, Even growing vegetables can be option for prisoners.(useful for drought affected areas,flood affected areas)
0 0 Respected Sir, Skills [(like making duries,chadar,carpentery,mason work; useful to supply during emergency situations like flood,fire,avalanche (uttarakhand,kashmir)]should be imparted to prisoners (more than 2-5 years convicted).
0 0 PM, as part of controlling drig menace,  please put efforts to catch the big fish/real culprits who are saved by political links. I am a goan,  so I feel itz need of the hour to control this among younger generation of goans. Please ask BJP goa govt to keep tabs on it as it is rampant in some parts of state
0 0 east singhbhum districts roads should be made easy to travel
1 0 The need of the hour is to police reforms along with prison reforms, providing arms & change in procedures. Police need to be sensitised about their behaviour towards prisoners.
0 0 It's about our railway network Introduce solar energy systems on the top of all trains recharge batteries n use them in all railway stations if there is more energy is saved give it to the electric grid free energy generation is possible in this way sir think on it
1 0 prisoners should be given healthy environment
0 0 The subject of this application is related to irregularities and negligence in compassionate appointment at Food Corporation of India North East zonal Office. Sir,I am an applicant for compassionate appointment at Food Corporation of India North East zonal Office.All over India 14,101 group “C” posts vacant against sanction strength , and in North East Zone 444 group “C” posts vacant against sanction strength till June, 2014. Last 10 years we are deprived from a positive result.
1 0 contd.. villagers can contribut happily as they have to pay minimal for gas and electricity after wards.we can purchase dung from them and generate gas.we can use open land of village and also roofs for generating power.believe me it is possible.it does not burden the treasury only govt needs to do is to provide expertise and manpower.
0 0 its regarding empower our villages.let us make our villages self dependendent.they have cow dung to make gas ,they have open area and space for generating solar light,they have water source for providing clean water for household.it only require willpower of dist authority and every village can be energy efficient. let us make small gas grid power grid and water grid for individual village.then interconnect these grids to make bigger grid.it can be achieved with help of villagers.
1 0 Regarding to Indian road and PWD. I am noticing from my childhood that govt. make new road in society or in city and after 3 to 6 month any govt or private agency destroy the road for telephove line, gutter line or may be other reason. My personal request is that there should be proper planning between PWD and oher department to complete such type of work before raod made.
0 0 thanks,i read in todays news paper that hefty fin e is proposed in the new draft on road safety. if so good , i feel thats the only way  what ever the opposition.i have been writing about it. so called traffic police  does a official hafta wasul for the govt and them self.no road accident occur because of lack of  pollution  certificate, not having documents/ licence. people never seen police fining gross voilation by buses, big cars, commercial vehicles.   GOD HELP THIS COUNTRY.
1 0 Prison reforms- Justice is delayed in India. Judge/population ratio is pathetic. It takes 10 years get a judgement in subordinate court. There are 3 crore cases pending in India, including 44 lakhs in high court. Request you to increase the the number of judges so that justice is not delayed.
0 0 As I don't know Hindi, I can't understand certain terms. So better to indicate the schemes in English as well. To reach to the bottom the vernacular translation are required to be used at the state level.
0 0 First whatever already in vogue must be genuinely implemented. For proper implementation the officials must be corruption free and committed. To improve on this point punishment fear must be there for wron doers and reward for honesty.
0 0 Specialist officers have crucial role in working of the Banking. Inspite of professional qualification and experience they are discriminated in promotions vis-à-vis general cadre and are facing stagnation even at junior level. GOI, Deptt. of Fin.Services, Ministry of Finance notification no.F.No.4/11/1/2011-IB dated 14.03.2012 has allowed  all PSBs for conversion of specialist officers into general cadre. SBI and its 5 Associates have not yet implemented whereas other PSBs have implemented.
1 0 Congratulation to PM Shri Narendra Modi - At India's initiative with the support of 175 countries the United Nations declares June 21st as 'International Day of Yoga'
0 0 Councillors can also be there to help some of the prisoners who are doing crimes due to lack of their mental stability
0 0 Set up Industrial Training Institute inside prison to train prisoners.Set up a website to list trainees, their level of skill and behavior grading.Videos can also be uploaded on You Tube to showcase their skill. This is  to attract potential recruiters and also to enable to get a Bank Loan to start their business after their release. If we can provide loan to surrendered militants, why not for reformed Prisoners.  We can also organize camps for recruitment for these skilled prisoners.     .
0 0 Shr Alexander Jacob, former jail DIG from Kerala converted every jail in Kerala a place where the cheap and best food production house. It was  a superhit. The same can be adopted everywhere in India.
1 0 IPC and CrPC needs amendment first. Crimes should be classified beteeen major and minor ones. Minor crimes should be slapped with fine only which will benefit exchequer. Major and heinous ones should have jail. Celebreties should be slapped huge amt for bail. There must be good fee for parole etc. Normally first offence be fined only. Unique ID be mandatory for offenders so that habitual offenders be trackked easily
0 0 Sir For expenditure control, any bar fix for Govt employs payment, so that reach up to that bar no further increase of payment. For example in 2006 any class III employ Ist appointment draw 8000/- and class- III employ having 20 years service draw just double. But now in 2014 is going difference in four time. sir, please justify.
0 0 sir i m indicate your attention in unemployment in up  in education deprt. Main in physical edco.
0 0 Regarding Problems encountered by TN fishermen - The Modi Gov. should enter into bilateral agreement with the Srilankan gov. to declare fishing zone used by Srilankan & Tamilnadu [Indian] fishermen as Free Fishing zone.  Once if this becomes a free fishing zone then....the problems are sure to come down.
0 0 Regarding Problems encountered by TN fishermen - The Modi Gov. should enter into bilateral agreement with the Srilankan gov. to declare fishing zone used by Srilankan & Tamilnadu [Indian] fishermen as Free Fishing zone.  Once if this becomes a free fishing zone then....the problems are sure to come down.
1 0 Very first construct  stadiums at block level & each district of country. Every year a sport event must be organized at school. In all games first 3 position will participate at block level competition. Further all first 3 rank holders at district level will participate state level and so on. Above district level will live in sports college and all expenditure will be borne by Government. All this must be done very fair and transparent manner. In every school a sports teacher may be posted. All
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals
0 0 One reason is frustration with students. Only merit should be promoted in professional institutions. My one question to those who support reservation of any kind than merit in professional institutions " Whether they are willing to be reserved for the services of those very people" . In case not then 'Why are they supporting it " and then "to whom they will serve ; only the poor citizens" . At least allow the poor citizens to be served by competent professionals
0 0 Yog shiksha is very essential to keep fitness of health and Yog education be given to all compulsorily from initial stage of education in the schools as a subject.
1 0 At present our youth is directionless. They should be given proper guidance to work creatively. Aim should be that no young person should be idle gossiping on the roadside.
0 0 Good afternoon sir. You would be surprised to know that direct recruit Central Ecise Inspectors/Inspector(Customs) in Department of Revenue get only one promotion in their entire service of 37-38 years. Whereas Eaminers of the same department coming through the same eam get minimum three four promotions in their entire service. Even after restructring in the department, only a few will get two promotion in their entire career of 37-38 years. How could we epect them to work dedicatedely when their career progression is in jeopardy
1 0 My honoured PM, Good afternoon, It is our pleasure to get the right person at right time as PM. But where to start ? We admired Mr. Suresh Prabhu as Rail Minister during the crucial juncture. Sorry to say that I have given complain to Railway Ministry more than five times but all are going vain. Not also getting the resolution way for W/EO/KUR/000046665 , W/EO/KUR/000046668 , W/EO/KUR/000046669 and W/EO/KUR/000047647. 58421 - Angul Puri Passenger year long not coming in time. We need ur action.
1 0 Media is like a mirror of current affairs and their broadcast and has to be taken positively; However reflections can be distorted if the surface is flexible, and can be biased if focused in one direction, can burn the subject if directly targeted.while freedom of media is a boon to our democracy, freedom comes only with responsibility. Gov should enforce guidelines along with Media houses and experts to restrict surface distortion, biased focus and targeting.especially if legalities is impacted
1 0 Strengthening and revamping of our Police should be prioritized, Police can be compared to our Immune system, and when immune system is compromised Health & safety is at stake. Police is one department not taken care especially at the grass root, salary of 10,000 will leave him searching for other source of income and over the time this has led to corruption and has compromised the basic integrity of the system it is time we cleanup, realign, and provide them with all necessities so they perform
1 0 Please Allow prisoners to do WRITE, READ, YOGA, MEDITATION, and PLAY. It will make their mind peaceful and reduce revenge thoughts.
1 0 Provide better Job options [farming, poultry, food making] to prisoners, especially NO hard jobs, Because hard jobs make their MIND HARDEN and it will force them to Revenge somehow.
0 0 Now In Gas office lot of people standing in que to register aadhar & bank acct number even most of people could not completed this work due crowd and inadequate information govt should take action and registering aadhar and acct number through online to avoid que and peoples time would be saved and can work for their day to day food
2 0 Since. 1950 cores of ruppes have been spent and many scheme have been implemented yet number of poor has been increased because poors do not have any information about various schemes. So we should start vikanand mission in which people will adopt poor family and council them what should they do? What type of work they should do ? about various schemes. What type of skill they have to aquire? And a adopter will upload progress of that poor family. There is no need of extra money.
0 0 The prisoners should be taught to make things of daily use.They should always be given some or the other work.The government should arrange companies which buy their products.The prisoners should be allowed to go out.
0 0 In india there is lot of crime and criminals We can establish small scale industries where we need more man power then machine this can help economic state of prisoners and their families and will be a better solution to change the mental state of jail Jail is a place to keep some peoples away from society but there is a question of survival of their family and children we should not waste their skills and abilities
1 0 Dear Modi ji...Pranam. India is a country which provides technology to first world country but we hardly used them. In India there is no system to track Sex offenders which leads to get these people in a Job where they have option to indulge in society where they can came in contact with Ladies/child whom we want to secure with these criminal minds. I can work on devise a paltform with which Sex offenders will be tracked and companies will be able to track them. Thanks!! (I have short of space)
1 0 How to Generate Funds for Railways: A large number of railway stations can be converted in to a high rise commercial building with offices, restaurants, parking lots for cars and bus stations. This can help Railways to generate crores of rupees for each railway station being converted in to a commercial building.
0 0 Safety of Women and all Indians: Government can provide an app for all mobiles / a specific phone number like 100 (with single button dialling) under emergency. Police should have full time (24 hrs a day) availability of an expert, who can locate the mobile and direct the team of the police personnel to reach and help the caller, who may be a female on the verge of getting rapped / killed. Police force can reach in time to save the individual before a crime is committed.
0 0 The most dangerous moment for a government is when it began to reform
0 0 P.M.J.D.Y. is agood scheme. Presently i am implementing it through Bank of Maharashtra in Satara district of Maharashtra. When a person attains age of 60, his eligibility for life cover stops under the scheme. What is rational behind it ?
0 0 Prison can be refirmed by providing security cameras upgraging security section.. I think all thinks can nade electronic like locks of jail and to count prisoners machine can be used to check wether prisons di not carry any harmful material with them a task force have to be made which will do random check of prisoners cell... And if any prisoner want book can be provided. To him..and a strict staff is needed and usally jail staff takes bribe from prisoners so a check have to done
0 0 medical store me nashili dawaon par pratibandh lagna chahiye lisence mi dawaaiyaan rakhne ki limit hona chahiye . desh me ganja ata kehaan se hai akhir kahin na kahin to fasal hoti hi hogi . fasal ko nasht karne par zor dena chahiye shaher ke andar se sharaab ke theke band hone chahiye khaas taur se school college mandir masjidon ke aas paas aur residencial ilaako se toor hi hona chahiye gutkha zarda cigratte to band nahi ho sakta fir bhi jagrukta zaroori hai
0 0 Dear Sir! Sometimes on argument or daily request on compliant we cannot feel safe & secure that what happens from which side and what the sitting judge or any public servant or any police officer may give what response or order or what behavior he returned to us. Q1. Is video recording inside in open court of law can be recorded by the advocates or the public for better hearing aspects in future and also for creating right evidence that this thing happens in actual and may be used in higher ap
0 0 I appreciate the initiative of PM for Clean India. To clean India, you need a system. I have developed a system/technology for clean India. To see the details, please visit You Tube and see 1. Bio Composting of domestic waste by Antony John 2. Krishi Darshan Malayalam 13 01 2014
0 0 what are the Efforts taken to control population growth...
1 0 The fact that the money they earn go to their family will act as an incentive and they will do better. Points can be given for good behaviour and better hard work.This should have transparency. The police should not be corrupt. If they siphon off money meant for the prisoners basic needs, wages etc they should be severely punished.
1 0 Prisons should not become the breeding ground of crimes. It is neither a meeting place of criminals.Prisons should be like a school,where the criminals learn a language, learn an vocation, develop hobbies , have libraries and televisions that show moral based programs. When they come out they should receive adequate financial or material help to start a new life. their family should be kept in touch with the prison incharge. The money earned by them should be sent to their families.
0 0 Mr. PM, 1. Make groups according to their backgrounds and interests and provide them the necessary skills. 2. The criminals who are involved in big scams get VIP treatment. This should stop as it does not make them realize that they have done something wrong. 3. The prisoners who reflect a change in their attitude should be kept with the similar ones.
0 0 Mr. PM, Talking about the prisoners' condition, it sometimes makes me feel pity for them. It is very clear that they are spending their time in the prison for their serious crimes but if a good reason is given to them to live a better and right life ahead, that would be the reason for a smile on each one's face.
1 0 Sir, 1. Impart skills training during first six months in Construction activities and engage them in all Govt sponsored Infra development Projects. 2. New multi-storied jail buildings be constructed for less serious criminals and prison regulations in this regard are to be reviewed and revised. 3. Jail term is to be shortened in case of trivial crimes,  exceptional behavior and repentance. 4. Emotionally committed crimes with otherwise excellent character- are to be treated differently.
0 0 1. Physically detaining person is more costly than logically / sentimentally / emotionally detain the person. 2. find ways to bind the person than keep in jail, even if that needs psycho bashing.
0 0 1. Repeat prisoners go back to jail as it seems life inside the prison is better than out side. 2. The work they are doing at jail should be extended to them outside as well for getting similar money. 3. Cost will come done & productivity as well as finances of jail may improve. 4. Jail workers to be deployed for national productive output. 5. Road / Dam / infra development to be provided cheaper labor. 6. Insteal nationa building by brain storming at night unconsious hours of the day intentiol
0 0 Dear Sir, As BJP does not believe in segregating people  based on majority and minority etc, why not to rename the ministry of minority affairs to Social Justice department and also revamp its terms of reference / frame work to include people of ALL FAITHS who have a different requirement of developmental needs ?Please don't continue with NOTORIOUS SACHAR committee recommendations which favours people BASED ON RELIGION and is COMMUNAL.Please appoint a new committee headed by true secular nationa
0 0 Each prisoner should exercise Yoga and pranayam.  They should be exposed to open space as much as possible with natural beauty.
1 0 Any under trial prisoner who has served 75% of maximum jail sentence under the offence he/she is arrested must be freed immediately. From 01 Apr 15, Any under-trial who has served 10% of the maximum sentence for the offence he is arrested should be freed. In cases like theft, pick pocket etc unless the arrested person is proclaimed criminal bail should be granted not later than 30 days of arrest. This will reduce number of prisoners and improve the prisons. There is also need for speedy trials.
0 0 Dear Sir, Since I didn't find a separate forum on Marriage laws in India, I have chosen to write about it here. We want to bring to yout notice about outdated marriage laws that are heavily skewed towards women.I would really request you to please review your goverment's idea of passing Irretrievable breakdown of marriage laws. Please create a forum & then gather data on the same. Perhaps, many harassed husbands will get a stage to appeal to you
0 0 Sir I more interested in defense and international politics If you feel this is not my platform, then share me the correct platform to pursue my interest..
0 0 Point 19: In my first point; I actually shared a video where the aircraft purchased from US, Russia actually devise the plane through Kill-switch which they can actually activate if they want India to lose because that kill switch will make the plane useless for war. Hence, I suggest instead of flushing the money on high range ICBM's India must focus that money and our talent in developing fighter air crafts and promote the manufacture of Core components and Semiconductor equipments in India.
0 0 Point 17: I said this before, I don't know why flushing money on ICBM's with range more than 12000 miles is a waste of money. Keeping in mind the practical war scenario, we're not going to blow up the whole planet. We must use those funds in improving the security infrastructure of the Indian army. Point 18: Instead we should try hard to make our own fighter crafts and improve its count remarkably for a strong and efficient Air force.
0 0 Point 15: All these could improve the companies Balance of Payments accounts to much extent and prevent illegal cash outflows which lead to the trade deficit remarkably. Point 16: Then, the fund could be invested in giving the security gadgets to the Indian army. We must try hard to implement the Israeli technology which reduces the death rate among Indian army, because this would be very useful manpower at the time of crisis.
0 0 Point 14: It has been a common trend for the companies operating in India, that they have their own foundations running India. We must set a guidelines for the Corporate Social Responsibility to set a minimum benchmark with regard to their performance and the tax exemption to be given accordingly as per their performance. The whole idea is those foundation should not be just for tax exemptions for companies, they must actually make the difference in our Indian society promoting educated culture.
0 0 Point 13: The first step towards improving the Indian defense sector is to increase the manpower upto atleast thrice through recruitment. In this 2015, we must resolve to run the defense recruitment camps throughout the year and atleast 2-5 lakhs soldiers are required to be deployed in the north east areas of India.
1 0 Point 12: Create an online portal ''PRAGATI'' where each and every NGO's has to be registered that are operating in India and a regulating body has to be there to monitor their quarterly performance. By this, the tax exemption has to be given them accordingly.
0 0 Point 11: RAW must strictly monitor the cash outflows of foreign funded NGO's operating in India.
0 0 Point 8: Establish a regulating bodies for NGOS that are running in India and the tax is to be exempted as per their areas of work and overall improvement. Point 9: The ground rule is if Hinduism needs to be promoted throughout the world, then we've to be financially extremely strong.. Point 10: Have a capping of national income that a certain % of fund has to be invested in the defense sector.
0 0 Point 7: Implement the gateway of FICCI for all the export and import business in India. It should be just like the Bank gateway while making online payments. The exporters and the major importers are allotted with PIN number which is to be given online for each and every export business. This is to be authenticated by FICCI, so that each and every transaction will be strictly monitored for a more stream lined Balance of Payment account in India.
0 0 Point 4: Monitor the overall collections going on in the temples and maths throughout India especially south India. A major part must be used to bring back the converted Christians in south India to Hinduism. Point 5: Monitor the illegal land grabbing of the missionaries and the same is to be removed by the applicable land laws. Point 6: We must curb out the illegal sources that promotes cash outflows from Indian land like porn websites, spammers, online sell of sex toys etc..
0 0 Point 1: We must strictly monitor the inflow and outflow of money of media channels including Doordarshan. Point 2: We must impose regular financial audits and must have a guidelines on company's suspense accounts for media channels. Point 3: We need huge money to strengthen the Indian army. For this, we must focus on the e-commerce sector of India and promote e-marketing and advertisements professional business in India. I can assume through this India can achieve a growth rate of 17% to 18%.
0 0 Found this useful; hence sharing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFF__x4f_b4
1 0 India should ban on more than two children,as population of India is booming rapidly and resources are scarce,So if we have to make future of India gud we have bring this law,Its the utmost need of the time,overpopulation is root cause of all the problems,its a kind of cycle,poverty,illitracy,malnutrition,hunger,criminalisation,terrorism are all related to it. So to develop India we should ban on on more than two kids, if we want to live a good future we have do this.
0 0 Prison are meant to redeem a person's future but in india prison are used for teaching. A person goes in with a bachelors of thief and comes out as a doctor of murder and drugs. Very sluggish laws.Unequal treating conditions for Prisoners well being the major drawbacks example a guy for murder is respected in indian jails for a murder and a thief is their informant homosexuality and women safety in jails.Uneducated & ill mannered jailers should be put to ban.
2 0 Throw out policeman with criminal background from the service.Fix minimum time for the trial of each case.Compulsory training for earning their own living in the jail.Weekly  minimum one hour  general awareness programme in the prison.Checking CCTV by higher officials daily.Punishment should be given to the concerned if CCTV is not operated or damaged for more than two hours.Mobile marketing of jail food is a huge success in our state.
1 1 The issue of prison safety and abuse is a topic ripe for discussion at the national level, In many ways a prison is like a small town. In this town the inmates are the citizens. And, like your town and mine, the citizens of this town must be kept safe and secure. They are provided with housing that meets public health standards. They have access to medical and mental health care that meets national standards, food that meets basic nutritional requirements, and program opportunities that facilitate their successful reentry into the free communities in which we live. These are the issues correctional administrators confront every day, and they are among the most complex in the public sector. There is a great amount of public misunderstanding concerning corrections operations, costs, and effectiveness. This field is the most rapidly growing public-sector function in government. It continues to grow in the number of offenders involved, the number of staff required to carry out its functions, and the volume of tax dollars directed to its operation. Just like a small town, a prison cannot be managed effectively while a code of silence exists. In Massachusetts, we have initiated a number of reforms to make our system more open and transparent to improve public safety.
0 0 Along with prison reforms the parole rules are to be looked into, they may have a humanitarian extension but they are a scare that puts off people from giving evidence or even complain. the lay man's understanding of life sentence or the lawman's interpretation of it or the courts ruling on it are confounding enough. A prison with WI-FI hot spot is prisoners' delight! Convicted Life in prison does not mean life without decency, safety and security.
0 0 The prisons needs reforms now, they are presently dangerous! I had once visited prison and talked with the inmates especially the women, they also did complained about the mixed gender prisons and the difficulties they were facing but could not speak openly! If reformation of prisoners is the goal then separate the prisons, immediately.Mixing the under trials with the other convicts is a mockery of the fundamental rights, but delayed trials are underlying the mockery!ReformToSetRightsEmpowered
0 0 Based on mature of crime committed,prisoners energy should be engaged in sports,arts etc periodically.patience,communication skills could be imbibed in prisoners with less heinous crimes
0 0 Putin se weapons ki deal karna, business badana aur dosti age badana sudhir chawla
0 0 Putin se weapons ki deal karna, business badana aur dosti age badana sudhir chawla
0 0 Rehabilitation of prisoners into society requires imparting life skills and making them employable. Or institute compulsory military service for prisoners - not for the dangerous criminals though :)
0 0 In this section i would like to suggest to identify and map the BPL(below poverity LIne) families in GIS. every body knows there are approx 60 % fake ragistration of BPL  and who are actually comes from weeker economical section they Didnt get their Card.(because they are not able to give Bribe). if all the BPL families are mapped in GIS ,can be easily know the physical existance of the data, i sure imidiately 20 to 30 % records will decrease. This will save Huge amount of Revenue of GOVT.
0 0 suggestions --- (a) prisons be called 'vyakti punarjanm kendra' (b) prisons to be shifted to union list for management by a central police organisation (c) all prisons to be converted into financially self sustaining industry centres (d) if under trial undergoes half of term, he should be freed (e) living conditions should be like an tapasvi or bhikshuk or vaanprashthi and should be away from worldly pleasures to enable created re-incarnated humans after prison term
0 0 1.INSTALL CCTV SURVELLANCE ON ALL OVER PRISONS 2.E-CONNECTIVITY TO ALL PRISONS 3.UTILIZE PRISONERS TALENT, EXPERIENCE IN DIFFERENT FIELDS 4.WE SHOULD UTILIZE THE PRISIONERS KNOWLEDGE IN A CONSTRUCTIVE WAY
3 0 Jail officers need to be trained to behave in a humane way with prisoners yet remaining strict and vigilant always. A multimedia programme concerning woes of jail inmates and jail officers should be aired on national and private channels to make common people  aware of the life in prisons so that none commit crime to get in there in the first place.
0 0 Mental health care- all prisoners irrespective of their jail tenure should have an access to mind calming processes such as yoga/meditation, tai chi etc.
0 0 Welfare schemes should be made available to prisoners sentenced for 5 or more years of life imprisonment so that jail does not become a means for easy gains.
0 0 Prisoners should also have their own bank account open while in prison so that the money they earn through making jail-products should be deposited for their own benefit upon their release from jail to start a new life and career.
2 0 Social acceptance-  If prisoners during their prison time are taught skills that would help them start their own micro business with little financial investment then gradually they would get social acceptance as they won't be a burden on anyone. Such businesses could be about henna designing, pappad /achaar making, sewing, wool weaving, knife sharpening, massaging etc.
1 0 Marketing of jail products- a national uniform brand (same logo) with differing manufacturing details (i.e. 'made at' details) should be formed and revealed by a celebrity to make it a national news. Such products should get govt. subsidy to be exhibited at various national and regional scale product exhibitions. If products have a good quality, they would sell for themselves and would eventually get their place in local stores as well.
1 0 http://www.penalreform.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/10-pt-plan-overcro...
1 0 1. Rapid disposal of cases .Reducing undertrials in prisons. 2. Regular /online teaching courses for all. 3.Skill development. 4.Running kitchens ,marketing the food products. 5. Land Cultivation around prisons. 6.Teach them religion, yoga, spiritualism,counselling. 7.Good nutrition,health facilities 8.Strict segregation of hard criminals from undertrials. 9.No overcrowding in cells. 10.Set up CCTV,mobile phone jammers 11.Family meetings . 12.Rehabilitation programmes  after release.
0 0 make them serve god or serve in any temple. MEDITATION, EXERCISE, THEORY CLASSES, ACCESS to INTERNET, TV, ENTERTAINMENT, INCUBATION, MOTIVATION
1 0 Orderly, there should be infrastructural changes in the prison system to enhance the quality of life and a lineage to demarcate the circumstances born criminals and intentional criminal who have developed a habit of committing crime. The jail could;d also work as a asylum for yoga and other means of qualifying the life to batter one rather than making the life hell and committing suicide after coming out. There are other creative measures which are already in practice and should be knocked.
1 0 The Indian judiciary is feeling the existence of two sets of people in the society as a whole. 1.Who live by adherence of rules and regulations.2.Those who supersede and as a result the other sect is crushed by the weight. It will not be exaggeration to interpret the second as the extra constitutional authorities. In order to firstly lessen the the crime rate, would to have a control over the the second in fact which is making criminals. There should be Policemen and martinets who are unmoved.
1 1 Girls should follow certain moral disciplines to avoid rapes. Moving any time during night is like inviting the trouble.
