34 0 May god bless all my soldier brothers and their families. first of all very very thank u for what you do for us and our country. I am filling proud to be having you guys and you are the true heros to us. I salute to my all army and their brave family from very bottom of my heart.Happy Diwali to all of them and happy new year.
23 2 I don't know a world other than the one we live in now. Sure, it could be better. But it is one where we can hope for a better tomorrow, dream of a happy life. It is a hopeful world. A free world. And it is for this freedom that we take for granted that I'd like to express my gratitude today. Thank you, for keeping us, and the world as we know it, safe. Thank you for laying down your lives so we don't have to fear life under a totalitarian regime, or any of the horrible things the world could be
15 0 Happy Diwali... We are with you....not as a moral support but with gun....
23 0 Happy Diwali to our real hero. We feel safe because all of you,Thank you.. We all salute our Indian  Soldiers.
8 0 Wishing you a very happy diwali., to the soldiers of my India. With a big salute. Jai Hind Jai Bharat. I am very proud to be Indian.?☺
13 0 My Brothers, Please accept my love and respect and a warm greetings of Dipawali. Jai Hind. Jai Jawan Jai Kishan.
4 0 Son:papa aap diwali pe ghar kyun nahi aate? SOLDIER (i.e FATHER):Beta tumlog apne apne gharon mein aaram se diwali manao isliye hum yahan har roj diwali manate hai........ My first wish to our soldiers. I wish all of you a happy &prosperous deepawali to u and your family..... Live safely I and all INDIANS pray for you.....
3 0 Son:papa aap diwali pe ghar kyun nahi aate? SOLDIER (i.e FATHER):Beta tumlog apne apne gharon mein aaram se diwali manao isliye hum yahan har roj diwali manate hai........ My first wish to our soldiers. I wish all of you a happy &prosperous deepawali to u and your family..... Live safely I and all INDIANS pray for you.....
2 0 #MannKiBaat, #Sandesh2Soldiers Dear Modi ji, Why only a few are priviledged to serve our Nation? Please introduce a voluntary scheme whereby anyone before entering 'Job Market- private or Government' and specially so as a mandate for Government service has to serve Armed forces in 'disturbed regions' This will help build a Nation rather than just feeling sorry about the state of affairs. We all can be Indians when we 'see & feel' the pain Nation is going through rather than just hearing it
4 0 Thank you soldiers for always being there. You are the reason that we all are able to celebrate diwali.  A very happy diwali to all of you. Lots of good wishes to you and your family. #Sandesh2Soldiers
3 0 Hey, soldiers, I hope you succeed in every mission you take in your hands and I know you will because you are 'The Indian Army'. You have my support and all of India's support in your endeavors. I wish you and every one who is maintaining the sovereignty of our nation, a very happy diwali. My #Sandesh2Soldiers
1 0 Yeh Diwali Diyowali. Wishing all our soldiers and their families a courageous and lightning diwali. We are all proud of you. Aaj har ek diya sirf hamare jawano ke naam. Sending diwali lights from my home to the brave hearts who are busy protecting our home. Happy Diwali !!!! #Sandesh2Soldiers
1 0 Wishing a very happy diwali to all our brave hearts who selflessly safeguards our mightiest land .
2 0 Without u people, we cant live peacefully.nothing can match ur bravery and unselfishness.I salute from the bottom of my heart.Happy and prosporous Diwali.Stay safe __/\__
0 0 The moment I am typing this, this activity which I am able to do freely i.e sharing this message which is coming directly from the bottom of my heart is just because you( The protectors, the Real Heroes) are ensuring me and the rest of the nation that I am safe. Such is the level of your altruism. No matter how much I write, I will never be able to do justice to your sacrifices in this small text. We all have immense respect for your patriotism and duty. Happy Diwali to all the #RealHeroes.
1 0 Our soldiers are our true hero of our NATION.Thank you for being with us at any time and at any conditions. We are because of you. We are standing with you from every coordinate of India. If its required give packup punch to our enemies!! #IAFBrat Jai Hind Happy Deepawali #MyBravo Proud of you DAD
1 0 Wishing you and your family a very Happy Diwali. Only because of you, we are celebrating Diwali here. We are very thankfull to you. For our tomorrow, you are giving your today. You are at the frontiers sacrificing your comfort so that we may celebrate all the festivals with joy and happiness. Thankyou is a very small word. Once again a very Happy Diwali to you.
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers My dear solders, This light full festive days must bring you happiness, peace and prosperity for you and your family. BHARAT MATA ki jai Bhanu Prakash Sinha
2 0 HAPPY DEEPAWALI TO ALL JAWANS AND SOLIDERS OF OUR COUNTRY. We are celebrating Diwali peacefully at our home only because of you. You guys are real hero. Thank you for everything. I proud to be an Indian.
0 0 Happy diwaali. To our heroes !!! Log kehetien hain bhagwankahinnnahiimiltee Par asli bhabwan to is desh ke army App log ho toh ye diwali dilwali hai agar app log nahote to ye  diwali shamsan se kam nahi hoti Thank you App ko jitna thanks bole utna kam hai
1 0 #Sandesh2Soliders Happy Diwali to our Real Heroes . Salute u for ur sacrifice .. We all Indians r safe today just because of u ...Thank u for everything... Jai Hind... Bharat Mata ki Jai #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 i wish #indian army and their families a very happy diwali... we stand tall because of the indian army guarding the borders... the sacrifices will be remembered...will be remembered...jai bharat..
0 0 Dedicating this diwali to our brothers at LOC...salute to your dedication, patriotism n bravery...happy diwali n jai hind
0 0 a big salute to the bravehearts of our nation.....have a happy & prosperous diwali...jai hind.#sandesh2soldiers
0 0 Everyday we take city life for granted. We complain about our traffic taking to long, our coffee or tea been cold, or to many mosquitoes..and the list goes on. If we only knew the patience that our soldiers have to go through in guarding our borders, the loneliness they had too endure, the heat and cold that they face....ThEn our complaints are meaningless,  when compared to their sacrifice to keep us celebrating. Happy Diwali R.A.W, and other soliders. May you be safe.
0 0 You are the reason for we are living peaceful and happy life. Our Pray and support always with you. Hope u'll see your home soon and will have a great time with family. Wish u a very very happy Diwali to all great soldiers and their families.
0 0 Respected brave Soldiers of BHARAT, Wish u a very happy Diwali & a prprs NEW. It's only bcoz of u people, we can celebrate festivals safely. I know u all r missing ur family members a lot, but trust me whole nation wishes u from their bottom of heart.May Almighty shower grace on all of u & ur family & u all b safe in every situation so that we may live peacefully. The amt. of sacrifice u all give, can't b expressed, only saluting 2 all u brave soldiers of BHARAT. Once again Happy Diwali
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our respected soldiers. Soldiers devoted their whole life for the safety of civilians without any mean. We should salute the soldiers wherever we see, to feel them proudly. So let’s start #proudly#salute#soldiers#wherever#whenever.
0 0 My Salute to all our beloved guards of motherland. Wish all you and your family once again enjoy New Year with all joy in peace and with great pride. Comparable Forces of the nation world wide is Indian Forces - all wings. Sure and certain only we at our home since you all are boarder. Even while no confrontation at boarder, all you have served people of nation in numerous ways be it natural calamity or communal or other disturbance or even facilitating our journey..... and so on. Jai Hind.
0 0 Wish u happy deepawali to my real heros(Indian army).......
0 0 Thank you, its because of u all that we celebrate a diwali over here, while you play HOLI, wish u a very happy diwali
0 0 May the Goddess of light fills your life with fame and prosperity.
0 0 Wish all our army people a very happy diwali . No words are enough to express what u people are doing for our country. A Big Salute to u all.
0 0 Sabse pahle mai salam krna chahta hu modi ji ko jinhone is Prakar ki muhim chalayi jissse hum apne great soldiers ko massage kar sake....mere pyare soldires ap sabhi ko meri taraf se deepavali ki dher sari shubhkamnaye....agar aaj hum log yah festival celebrate kr pa rhahe ho to uska shraya apko aur apki bahaduri ko jata.Aaj jaise halat border per h shayad hi pahle kbhi aise halat huye ho.....I salute to every soldiers of indian aarmy...jai hind jai bhartiya sena.
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers All Indian brothers and sisters are grateful to you and so am I. Me and my family live and breathe because a son of the soil chose to forgive his/ her happiness for a cause- to protect mother, mother land and all its natives. Entire nation is with you and i am lighting every lamp this Diwali to salute you and your cause!! There cannot be a nobel and bigger reason than serving motherland... Jai Janani, Jai Bharat!!
0 0 I am ashamed. I am ashamed of a bunch of mindless college students who abused our motherland, of few opportunist politicians who asked for proof when you avenged our brothers, of the biased media which cried buckets when a terrorist was down,of an actor who dared to say "who asked you to join forces?". I feel undeserving of your sacrifices,of the sobs of your mother, the longing of your wife, the tears of your children. And yet you stand  unflinching to protect us. I cant thank you enough.
0 0 Happy Diwali the INDIAN HERO who always sacrifices their comfort to bring to life something unknown though nonetheless more precious than their blood. Thanku for being above us beside us within us.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the brave men who are fighting at the borders to protect us and our country. We are proud of you #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Mera bharat MAHAN. JAI JAVAN. Heartful wishes to all. We are all celebrating DIWALI Becase of your(JAVAN).
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Wishing you a very Happy and Safe Diwali. I hope and wish that you people can soon meet your loved ones at home. Can't be more thankful for all the sacrifices that you make to keep us  safe. And last but not the least, Thanks a lot to our #PrimeMinister to enable us (safe citizens) to wish this Diwali to our unknown saviors.
1 0 Happy Diwali to all my Indian soldiers,we are proud of you. Jai Hind Jai Bharat. Bharat Mata Ki Jai.
0 0 धनानि जीवितश्चैव परार्थे प्राज्ञ उत्सृजेत् सन्निमित्ते वरं त्यागो विनाशे नियते सति Wise men should given up wealth and even life for the sake of others. Wealth and life are sure to be lost by their very nature. Therefore sacrificing these for a good cause is better than losing them wihout benefit to anyone. Salutes to brave brothers who have sacrifieced their life to protect out mother land and due to you we feel safe. Happy Deepavali my dear Brothers......God Bless All...
0 0 Me and my family heartly wishes you all a very happy dipawali...im proud of Indian Army bcoz of your sacrifice and dedication our country is safe. I salute your bravness and patriotism.I always there for you.Jaihind #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForce
0 0 You are the real heroes of our country we wishing you a very Happy& peaceful Deepawali. .....Jai Hind
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Wishing everyone a very happy Diwali, specially our soldiers who guard India and Indians. :)
0 0 Wish u happy diwali
0 0 While you toil at the border, shielding the nation from danger, we promise to remember you in our prayers and wish that you have a Safe and Happy Diwali!
0 0 Wish you a very happy and safe Diwali to our Indian army and their families... We all are with you in what ever the situation....  Today we celebrate Diwali because of you... You are real heros for our country.. And we all salute to you each and every soliders of our country... Jai hind jai bharat..
0 0 To all my brave soldiers - Wish you and your families a very happy deepavali and a very prosperous new year... Thank you for watching out for us... Thank you for standing tall... We owe you our celebrations, and you belong in our prayers... Proud of you... Jai Hind!
0 0 A very happy and safe Diwali to all our soldier brothers watching out for us. Thanks to you, I can sleep peacefully everyday, knowing fully that everything will be fine. I hope you stay safe and pray for a day when your services are no longer required. A very, very Happy Diwali and a heartfelt thanks from me and my family.
0 0 IIM Nagpur's tribute to the country's guardians.. Wishing you all a Happy Diwali
0 0 wish you a very Happy Diwali #Sanesh2Soldiers May god give you strength to fight bravely with the enemies of peace.I can proudly celebrate this diwali just because of you people who guards our borders and sacrifices everything just to secure our happiness and joy.Thanks for your services
0 0 peace posting field posting yeh aur logon ke liye sirf words honge par asli matlab toh aap logon se best kaun janta hai ghar baithkar likhna aur aap logon ka dard mehsoos karna,yeh hum log kabhi nahi jaan payenge salute to you people,aap log har haal main khush rehte ho,23 hr ki duty ke baad bhi 1 hr kaise enjoy karte hain,hats off to you happy diwali munh meetha jarur kar lijeyga aap log naman aapko aur aapki family ko jai hind bharat mata ki jai
0 0 I wish all my fauji brothers and sisters a happy deepavali.  May God be with them always and help them to stay safe.
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL SOLDIERS I  PROUD TO BEAN INDIAN AND I M ALSO PROUD TO SAY JAI JAWAN.EVERY SOLDIER LEAVE THEIR PARENTS,CHILDRENS AND THEIR RELATIVES FOR KEEPING UP TO SAFE.I WILL PROUDLY SAY JAIHIND.
0 0 To the Real brother of every sister here... To the Proud of every parent here... To the Respectful JAWANS of Hindustan... Firstly ...TAKE A BOW ..!! If we are able to celebrate all the festivals with so much of ease and safety... it's all coz of U..:) This diwali is heartly dedicated to U ... HAPPIEST DIWALI to each and every Jawan of this nation...May ur lives b brighter than the sun....:)
0 0 I salute the indomitable courage and spirit of all our national bravehearts with the bottom of my heart who continuously protect us against any external agressions. We take a sigh of relief at our homes the whole year long just because you are always there for us... We cannot imagine a life without you, and the supreme sacrifice that you make for the nation. We Indians are truly honoured to have you as our ideal heroes. We all wish you and your family "A Very Very Special Deepawali". Jai Hind🙏
0 0 A so little poem dedicated to indian Forces... jai hind..Vande mataram...subh deepawali
0 0 Wishing you a very prosperous and Happy deepawali dear soldiers:-)
1 0 Happy Diwali the INDIAN HERO who always sacrifices their comfort to bring to life something unknown though nonetheless more precious than their blood. Thanku for being above us beside us within us.
0 0 Wishing the Indian soldiers a very happy and prosperous Deepawali. Your sacrifice for the nation is much more than a mothers's sacrifice for her child. It is you because of you all that we live an everyday peaceful life. Real Indian Heroes inspiring us each day. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 I Wish you Happy Diwali to our all real heroes Indian soldiers..#Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Wish all of you a very happy Diwali....All Indians are very  proud of you.Salute you for your works. Bharat Mata Ki Jai
0 0 I am a general country men.But you are the real hero for our country.HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL OF YOU my soldiers brothers.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our soldiers.
0 0 A very happy Diwali to every person in uniform....we value your sacrifice and dedicate this Diwali  to all the bravehearts who lost their lives fighting selflessly for our security...May God bless all the Indian Jawans with a very Long,Healthy and Prosperous Life ahead.
0 0 Today, we are living safe and celebrating Diwali with are loved ones only due to our brave soldiers who are selflessly fighting day and night at border, from the bottom of heart i would like to wish them a very very prosperous and happy Diwali. JAI HIND
0 0 Only because of our indian army !!  We are save and can celebrate with our family !!! Nd koi bhi festival ko chahe hindu ki diwali sikh ka guru parv muslim ki eid ya christein ki Christmas amry ki duty bdh jati hai !! Nd vo bche apne baap ko dekh nhi pate kai bar vo vpis toh aate hain lekin trirange me lipte hue phir bhi humare desh vale sabut mangte hai !!! Ulte ulte bhashan dete hai  hind Happy diwali soldiers #Sandesh2Soldiers, #MannKiBaat, #PrimeMinister, #IndianArmedForces, #MyGov
0 0 A so little poem dedicated to indian Forces...jai hind
0 0 my country soldiers ..you protect us as safeguard..you serve country..i am proud of you...i wish you a happy deepawali
0 0 Happy Diwali to the real gems of the Country 💂 Thanks for being there for Nation Because of u all we r able to celebrate peacefully Hats off to Indian soldier's 🙏👌
0 0 Happy diwali to the the toughest and bravest people...from all the members of my family...i wish you all be safe...may your families achieve all the happiness and prosperity....may you people always be healthy...may God provide you all with ultimate strength...you all have saved us..ay you always be safe...i admire you all and wish i could grasp some of your qualities in myself and serve the nation....jai jawan...jai hind....
0 0 Big salute to Our Brave soldiers..... Thanks a lot for protecting our nation and giving us Life and peace Jai Javan Jai Kisan
0 0 Happy DiwAli to all of you.. because of you people i am typing this message without fear...i know we are safe in your hands..hats off to all of you..koi shabd nahi hai apki veerta ka bakhan karne ke liy..bhagwan shakti de un pariwar walo ko jinke bete shaheed huye hain.. aap desh ki shaan ho...hum aapse hain,desh aapse hai.. you people are true LEGENDS.jai hind jai bharat.. god bless you all .happy Diwali to you and your family
0 0 To all my brothers in the armed forces, the true sons of mother India...it is because of your sacrifices that we are enjoying our freedom. It is because of you our nation is safe and secure. Thanks a ton for everything you did and doing to keep our country safe. Wish you all a very happy Deepavali...!!!
0 0 Salute to Indian Soldiers for the splendid job you do for us. Wishing you all a Very Happy & Prosperous Diwali....
0 0 "You gave up so much to keep this country safe. The whole country is proud of your resolve.Without you all, we wouldn't enjoy the liberties we do. Thank you for your service." Wishing all the soldiers a very Happy Diwali. Jai Hind. #Sandesh2soldiers
1 0 Dear Soldier, This is the first Diwali for my 2 little ones. Thanks for giving them a safe country. God bless you. #sandesh2soldiers @PMOindia
1 0 Wishing a Happy and Prosperous Diwali to our soldiers. Thanks for sacrificing your happiness and comforts for our safety. Happy Diwali and Jai Hind.
0 0 THERE ARE NO WORDS,MEANINGFUL ENOUGH THERE IS NO HUG STRONG ENOUGH THERE IS NO SMILE WIDE ENOUGH ALL WE CAN OFFER IS A THANK YOU YOU PEOPLE ARE OUR HERO YOU ARE IN OUR THOUGHTS YOU ARE IN OUR HEART FOR ALL THAT YOU PEOPLE HAVE DONE JAI MAA KALI AAYO GORKHALI
1 0 Happy diwali bhai..... Tqs for keeping us safe
1 0 Wishing a very Happy Diwali to all our brave Soldiers. You are the real heroes and it's because of you that we feel safe and can celebrate all the festivals happily. No words can describe your courage and sacrifices. Big Salute to Indian Armed Forces and thanks for your service to the Nation.
1 0 Wish you all my Indian soilders very very happy Dipali and prosperous new year..... We are proud of you and your meanless love to the nation....we salute your loyality.....l know your deeds for country cannot be expressed in words.....l will only say 'JAY HIND'
1 0 On this  occasion of Diwali I give my trust to my soldiers that I will serve this nation like the way you do. I will serve my country  keeping my nation clean, respect our women,motivate and enlighten people of our duty and love to our country.I will respond whereever  I find any anti national activities.May. God give you courage and Strength to serve our country and only because of you we are celebrating this diwali with peace..Jai Hind!!
0 0 Wish U A Very Happy Deepawali......You Are The Real Heroes.A Big Salute To Bhartian Army. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 To all the soldiers of my country thank you so much for protecting us each and every day, you guys are the real hereoes of our country i wish you all the happiness ad joy and come home soon we are waiting. May the divine light of diwali spread into your life Peace, Prosperity, Happiness, Good health and Grand success..😊😘 Wishing u a very happy Diwali ❤💫👯🎇🎊 Regards: Sagar B Kakad and family.. 😁
0 0 Happy Diwali, dear HEROES You guard us 24x7 we pray for you 24x7
0 0 You are the light of my life.. I wish the full of smile diwali for you.. Happy Diwali
0 0 Happy diwali to all our brothers who serve our nation god bless you with all happiness and joy you are true example for all god bless you and family and thank you for making us feel so safe
0 0 Aap sabhi bharatiya jawan jo hamare desh ki suraksha ke liye din raat ek karke hum sab logon ko chain ki neend sone dete hain,iss liye aapko dilse bahut dhanyawad..aur iss diwaali hamara pehla diya aapke liye samarpit he..we salute to the indian army..a very happy diwaali to all of u..n we r always with u..jai hind..
0 0 your importance cant be describe in words!!! jst bcoz of uhh we r celebrating all festivals safely... so finally i pray to GOD to keep u n ur family sfe, healthy & wealthy on this DIWALI so happy DIWALI to u n ur family. THANK UHH SO MUCH
0 0 Wishing a very Happy Diwali to all our brave Soldiers. You are the real heroes and it's because of you that we feel safe and can celebrate all the festivals happily. No words can describe your courage and sacrifices. Big Salute to Indian Armed Forces and thanks for your service to the Nation.
0 0 We are proud of u guys...On this occasion of diwali.I should salute my indian army,air force n navy.only bcoz of u guys we are alive today n living our lives.from the bottom of my heart i lay down in ur each n everyone's feet m seek blessings from u.also i would like to express my heartiest gratitude.thank u so much for giving lives to INDIA..BHARAT MAATA KI JAY..JAI HIND..JAI BHAARAT....from this diwali onwards every diwali n other festivals belongs to indian army....thank u so much again
0 0 Humare ghar mein diwali na hoti. Agar is desh ke jawaan Humari suraksha na kar rahe hote. Lots of love and best Wishes for all soldiers of indian army. Jai hind. Vande mataram.
0 0 Bharat Mata Ki Jai Happy Diwali to all the indian soldiers in border and we sleep in our house in peace because of you protecting our country selflessly. jai hind
0 0 Thank you and Happy Diwali
0 0 Will all d best nd happy diwali to my heros....do well..
0 0 Our soldier are our hero of our Nation. Thank you for being with us at any and at any conditions.We are because of you.We are standing with you from every coordinate of INDIA. If its required give packup punch to our enemy!!! JaiHind Happy Diwali #mybravo
0 0 the soldiers are only true heros so hppy diwali to all soldiers n their family jai hind vande matram
0 0 Dear Soldiers, we proved of you all. I am not a good writer so cant express my feeling in writing. Wish you all very happy Deepawali to you and to your family.. Regards, Kumar Badiger
0 0 I am bit good in all this motivational talks but I must say job u people are doing for our nation can't be expressed in words...... Wish u happy and great diwali We are proud of u JAY HIND
0 0 Happy dipawali one of the greatest care takers  of  country salute
0 0 happy diwali to all forces of india........we are proud of you all.....because of you all only....we are safe.....thank you....
0 0 my best ever diwali wisses always with our Indian soldiers . i hope this diwali provides all the happiness to our soldiers  and their family. one more most important thing that is , This diwali i request to you God that plz give some share of my happiness to our soldiers and their family. HAPPY DIWALI hats off to our soldiers once more HAPPY DIWALI
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers दिवाली की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं TO ALL THE BRAVE & GREAT INDIAN SOLDIERS.DHARTI MAA KE LAL HAIN VO.HINDUSTANI JAWAAN SHER DIL.AAP NE DIKHA DIYA DUSHMAN KO KI HUMSE GADDARI KAROGE TOH TUMHARI MAUT PAKKI HAI.AAP JEEYO HAZARON SAAL.DUNIYA KI SAARI KHUSHI AAP SABKO MILE.EK DIYA NHI CRORE DIYE JAL RAHE HAIN AAP SABKE LIYE.MERI DUA HAI BHAGWAN SE KI AAP SABKO MERI UMAR LAG JAYE.JAI HIND JAI BHARAT.BHARAT MATA KI JAI.HINDUSTAN ZINDABAAD.I SALUTE TO EVERY INDIAN ARMY MAN.FEELING PROUD.
0 0 Happy Diwali
0 0 soldier sandesh
0 0 We are able to celebrate only because of your sacrifices made at the frontier... Thank you.. Happy Diwali :) #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 #IndianArmedForces Salute all soldiers for them honest full sacrifice and braveness. We know that Bharat has no fear from his enemy because tiger son of BHARAT MATA is with us. Vande Matram
0 0 Dear Soldiers , you are the reason we are celebrating Diwali with our family safely at home.You gave your today for our tomorrow .I am really thankful and big saute to you and your family.Wish you and your family a very happy and safe Diwali.#Sandesh2Soldiers. Jai Hind
0 0 A very happy diwali to the guardians of our nation. May your lives be peaceful. As a proud citizen of a nation that is guarded by brave yet loving warriors I want to grab this opportunity to deliver my gratitude towards the Indian Armed Forces. Thank u for giving me and my loved ones the sense of freedom and security. We are always greatful for ur dedication towards our country . Wishing u a happy and peaceful diwali.
0 0 We are safe here because you are absorbing every threat there.every one of us are indebted to you which can not be repaid at all.you all are placed in our hearts at greatest heights.happy diwali. SATYAMEVA JAYATHE. JAI HIND!!!
0 0 Each one of you in uniform is our real hero.Our heartfelt gratitude and prayers are always with you all. You are the pride of our nation. Wishing our dear soldiers a very Happy Diwali!!.
0 0 May you have a sky full of fireworks, Mouth full of sweets, House full of diya and heart full of joy, Wishing you all a very Happy Diwali My Indian Soldiers. Jai hind
0 0 Happy Deepavali.we are proud of you.
0 0 It's a happy Diwali for all because there stands a wall of our brave soldiers With guns on their shoulders and patriotism in heart So that we can take our prosperous future on our cart.
0 0 Happy diwali Army! JAi Hind! I wish that  one day I will celebrate diwali with my Soldiers
0 0 I wish all the Indian Soldiers and their family a Very Happy & Prosperous Kali Puja & Diwali..I salute u and ur families first who have been ur greatest strength ever and have been bearing this long wait to celebrate each and every festival with u for lifetime. Aap ho toh hum hain..Aap nehi toh kuch bhi nehi..The soldier is d Army. No army is better than its soldiers. Soldier is also a citizen. In fact, d highest obligation and privilege of citizenship is that of bearing arms for one’s country.
0 0 MY DEAR RESPECTED SOLDIERS AND REAL HEROES OF OUR INDIA ,  MY HEARTFULL DIWALI WISHES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS   ........ AND IAM REALLY FEELING PROUD AND HAPPY THIS DIWALI SHARING WITH THE INDIAN ARMY LEGENDS.........THANK YOU ALL IF YOU SIR.....
0 0 Happy Deepawali to you and to your family. Stay safe stay healthy. If you are safe , we are also safe.
0 0 One grand SALUTE to our brave soldiers. I am safe and enjoying diwali only because of you. You are the reason of celebration of 125 crore people of INDIA. You deserve the word HERO. Not any actor but you are the HEROES in real sense. I have PROUD on you. Happy diwali, happy new year. BHARAT MATA KI JAY. JAY HIND
0 0 Happy depawali to all my brothers to my great and brave soldiers. You are there on the mountains, sea and sky  so we have comfort and assurance to live free life.
0 0 First of all salute the indian armed forces and wish you a very happy divali to all my soldiers. I am thankful to those mothers who provided brave warriors to country. all citizen of country survive because of them but some people blame my indian army that is rediculas thing. i request the all citigen to respect indian armed forces. I am also thankful the pm narendra modi for good initiative for country. i request the P.M. modi to give the status of fundamental duty for "respect indian forces".
0 0 My dear soldiers I salute you all for saving our motherland from the clutches of our enemies. We are grateful to you all. Jai Hind
0 0 Families of hundreds of them are in mourning, Because many of them haven't seen the next morning. Nothing is truer than your sacrifices so true, I can't just describe in words how much owe to you. Whole nation is your family and every of its citizen stands by you. To each and every jawan who lay their lives out there to keep us safe here:- JAI HIND and a HAPPY DIWALI.
0 0 Wishing u a very hpy diwali n thnx for all u did n doing for us on border.. U r there without ur family so that we can live safely at home... #Grand #salute to our #Indian #Army...  U r just incomparable... Once again #thnx
1 0 Thanks alot my dear brothers and sisters out there on the borders and everywhere across the country. you all have given us the tonns of happiness which has made our everyday like diwali. wishing u all a very Happy Diwali to all. jai jawan. jai hind. love you my soldiers proud to be an Indian
1 0 Aap sabhi yodhaon ko shat shat parnam jai hind HAPPY DIWALI....
0 0 Our dear solders from all security dept , you have great honour in our heart because of your sacrifices towards nation. Whatever be the event first sacrifice from you , it would be any national event or religious event. Thank you to u & your family for such a great festival gift from you. May God gives good thoughts process to our enemy, so that you can relax. This is the wishes from us to you. Thank you...... Shubh Deepawali....
0 0 A very happy diwali to my brothers protecting us and our borders day and night.
0 0 We are safe here because you are absorbing every threat there.every one of us are indebted to you which can not be repaid at all.you all are placed in our hearts at greatest heights.happy diwali.SATYAMEVA JAYATHE
0 0 Salutes to all soldier's ...Happy Deepawali ...Jai Hind..!
0 0 To, My Heroes… Its bcz U stand there guarding our motherland in d scorching heat n chilly winters, that we're able to light these Diwali lamps in prosperity n happiness, without even a speck of fear in our hearts! A mere 'thankyou' is nt enough 4 d sacrifices U make, putting Ur life at stake every second. Pls accept this small gesture as a sign of deep gratitude we have. A BIG SALUTE TO ALL OUR FIGHTERS! HEARTFELT DIWALI WISHES from all Indians! We Love You. JAI HIND! #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 dear heros,Our diwali depends on you....be assured whole country is standing behind you
0 0 Happy Diwali to all soldiers .... Jai hind... #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 I with my all family members are very much proud for our brave, motherland saver and dedicated soldiers. We are always along with them. I tribute and best wishes to our soldiers during greatest festival of DIWALI.
0 0 Happy Diwali! Proud of your relentless efforts to keep us safe! Have an amazing Diwali! Thank you!
0 0 This Diwali I M Sending You CASH: C-Care A-Affection S-Smiles H-Hugs .'*'. HAPPY DIWALI .'*'. Mere desh ke veer jawano
0 0 Dear Soldiers, Thanks for protecting us from all dangers. Whatever I am today,It is all because of you. I am free today. Our freedom and democratic system is protected because of you . You are sacrificing so many things for country. My best wishes for your families . You are most respectful person in my life. salute to you . Wish You a Happy Diwali!!! Jai Hind!!!
0 0 Happy Diwali to the brave soldiers who stand still like mountains at the borders whole day and night to protect us, and sacrifice their own life to save ours!! You are that's why we are!🙏 Bharat mata ki jai🙏🇮🇳
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our real Heroes and whole Nation proud of you. We celebrate the Diwali only of your hardwork. You sacrifice your present of our Bright Future. ThankYou for all our soldiers........
1 0 Desh se aaj phir pyar ho utha, Apne jawano ke lye dil m samaana phir umadh pdha, na jaane kb aisi raat aayi hogi jiss raat aapne apni neend na gawayi hogi, na jaane kitni baar aapki maa aapko yaad kr royi hogi aur na jaane kitni baatein aapki patni ne apne dil m dabai hogi..Aaj is desh ka hr naagrik krta h aapko salam, aapke is jajbe ka samman krta h, aapko sache dil se kehte h sukriyaa, jo apne kiya uska jikr hr jgha hua..Happy Diwali to all my Brave Indian Army and we all salute you all.
0 0 I feel proud to be an Indian because of You and sacrifices of your Families. Happy Diwali. A warm Salute to You Jai Hind Bharat Mata ki Jai
0 0 Jai jawan jai kisan jai hind. Dear soldiers, every indian has proud on you. It is you n because of you we r safe in home while u r standing at boundries whole day n night.May God provide u a healthy, joiful life,sharp mind n prosperous life. We wish u a very happy dipawali.thank you jai hind
0 0 Happy Diwali.Thank you Jawans for your endurance and guarding our nation. I am proud of my country and my soldiers. Jai Jawan
1 0 Only said wishes are not enough.We request Govt to support their families by providing shelter, an employment and also monetarily.#Govt U do wotever u want but atleast secure the life of Soldiers.Salute to all the soldiers Wishing all Indian Soldiers a very Happy Diwali.You are people who are guarding us against all odds. God bless you the strength and healthy life. Jai Hind. Jai Bharat. Bharat Mata Ki Jai. Vande Mataram.Jai Jawan.#Sandesh2Soldiers,#PrimeMinister, #IndianArmedForces
0 0 Wish u a very very hppy diwali sr. At present no words to say as only thanku is nt sufficient fr ur wrk and sacrifices. Again Hppy Diwali.
1 0 happy diwali & happy new year to our real heroes of nation, every time we are with u & your decision, have a great diwali to fire  with your gun like fire crackers
0 0 Badhe Chalo  Badhe  Chalo AE Desh Ke  Jawan Tum Badhe  Chalo  Badhe  Chalo Ho Is Desh Ki Shaan  Tum Har Pal Ho Tum Khade Desh Ka Bhar Samhale Har  Pal Ho Tum Khade Ek Mashaal Ko Thame Kabhi Na Baal Bhi Baka Kar Payenge Woh  Dushman Humare Kyunki Tum Ho Jawan Humare Kyunki Tum Ho Jawan Humare A very Happy And Prosperous Diwali To You All. Salute To Jawans And Their Families.May God Give You Strength To Fight The Devil And Always Ignite The Light Of Rightness.#Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 This Diwali, people in their homes would be setting off 'sutli bombs' but you would be there on the border disposing real bombs. We salute you Sirs and Maams! It baffles me when I think about what kind of life you all would be having there. I know that this would be the last thing on your mind now, but Happy Diwali! I see the news everyday trying to keep up with all that is going on. I pray for your safety. Remember this, you aren't alone! There are 1.2 billion people with you! India is with you
0 0 You are our real heros.... U fight valiant and protect us days long... A very happy diwali to u... #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 #Sandesh2soldiers Wishing all of you a very happy Diwali. All of you are the real heroes of our country. A big salute to all of you. Jai Hind….
0 0 I with my family and citizens of India are indebted of your brave deeds and salute your courage. You secure our peace and comfort. We are always with you. My heartfelt condolence for the brave martyers. Wishing you a sparkling Diwali and praying for your long life.
0 0 It's because of you we are able to celebrate diwali.Thank you for providing continuous security to us.May God protect you from the enemies and at last Happy diwali.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our brothers and a Salute to your determination,dedication,devotion and love for the country.While country is celebrating Diwali you are selflessly doing your duty in extreme conditions with bravery India is pride for you and with you always.We wish and pray for your safety. Jai hind!! Jai Jawan!! Vande Mataram!!
0 0 This Diwali, I light lamps in the form of prayers and good wishes for my countrymen, specially the soldiers, who work tirelessly to ensure our happiness. Dear brothers, We want you to know that You are always in our prayers. May the Lord protect our brave soldiers and the frontiers of our country🙏
0 0 Subha Dipabali And Green Dipabali To my all Indian Forces and All Indian God Bless U All...Jay Jagannath
0 0 Happy Diwali Bhaiyya..
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Thankyou soldiers for sacrificing your sleepless nights for our protection. Really proud.....want to be a soldier and be a martyr for my country. SALUTE JAIHIND
0 0 D=Dil sé i=is diwali ké w=waqt a=apké l=liyé i=ishwar se prathna karté héy "Happy diwali"
0 0 You guys are our heroes. Its because of you that we are free. Sorry for letting you down at times. A very happy diwali to y'all
0 0 My best wisses to soldiers for this diwali.... (4 soldier killed in last 48 hr) so my dear real heros be causious and careful there.. Fight in a way like " saanp b mr jaaye aur laathi b na tute" Because u are precious for us, Thx for proctecting us ans again hAppy DIWALI....LOVE U
0 0 Dear Soldiers, Words cannot describe how much proud and secure we feel because you guard us every second on the border, sacrificing your own comfort and social life. We celebrate every festival without any fear, knowing you are safeguarding us on the border. A very happy and prosperous Diwali to you and your families. We are one family and every citizen of this country is so proud of you. Jai Hind.
1 0 Hello my brave soldiers a big salute for all of u,first of all my homege convey for your big contribution & sacrifices for India jai hind.happy dewali una saolider k liye Jo apne dedication, devocation k saath her pal bhrat mata ki seva k liye pure tan man se  tiyar rahte hai..jin ki wajah se hum desvasi chain se holi dewali manage hai..all of u ours real heroes.. Hum sabi ki orse happy wali dewali..my father is also ex.army solider he face 1972 war..jai jawan "jai hind"
0 0 we are proud of you, our dear Soldiers. We understand you are on the field while we are celebrating Diwali.Your sacrifice will never go waste. our wholehearted support to you all. HAPPY DIWALI once again. Amulya, Ashok, Madhu and Poojit Rasalkar, Mumbai and Ajja -H. Shantharam And Ajji- Suman Shantharam
0 0 Hum dil se aapka thanx karte h  aap hmari safety ke liye vha ho to yha hum diwali celebrate kar rhe h Aapko aur aapke parivar ko diwali ki hardik subhkanaiye Krishan verma
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers, #MannKiBaat, #PrimeMinister, #IndianArmedForces, #MyGov Wish U all a very Happy Diwali We r Proud of u... "Agar tum na hote to na hote hum.." JAI HIND JAI BHARAT ... BHARAT MATA KI JAI
0 0 I am an Indian citizen. And I am very proud of our soldiers.I am really thankfull to my armymen for letting us live a happy and peacefull life .As a citizen of India I am always standing shoulder shoulder with alll of u, to protect the integrity and security of our Bharat ma . Thank u 😊
0 0 They protect us from greatest of enemies and largest of felonies They shield us from war and sway us through lights For us the lights are mystic sparkles of crackers For them the lights are crackling of shooting guns I’ll just wish – let there be light And our warriors will play the knight And the days ahead shall be bright And our gratitude for them shall remain infinite To the comrades and their sacrifices To the bloodsheds which has prevailed victory Salute to all our soldiers
0 0 You are my hero...you are my religion, you are my the proud of my nation. you are the one who deserves all the credit for the love peace that exist on this land, you are the source of inspiration for all of us. Not only your courage is incomparable, your valour is unconquerable. You are Hanumanthappa, you are captain Batra. My salute to everyone of you!!!! Jai Hind !
0 0 App sabhi ko mere aur mere parivaar ki taraf se deepawali ki hardik shubhkamnayen. App hr pal apne desh ki raksha karte hain. We are proud of you all. App yeh bhi nhi dekhte ki din hai ya raat, kaunsa mousam hai, kaun sa tyohar hai. Bs jee jaan se desh ki raksha kr rahen hain. Hamen aap sab pr garv hai. Appne hamesha dushmano ko muh toad jawab diya hai. Bharat ke log hamesha apke saath hain aur kandhe se kandha milakr khade hain. HAPPY DIWALI. BHARAT MATA KI JAI JAI JAWAN JAI HIND..
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian Soldiers. Jai Hind
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian Soldiers. Jai Hind
0 0 Me and My Family Wishes All U a very Happy Diwali...Thank You For Protecting Us...You are the Reason for us 2 celebrate our festivals happily....but I want 2 Share my Happiness With You....Thank You Very Much For Saving Our Motherland....Salute 2 U all....Jai Hind #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForces MyGov #Jaihind
0 0 A Very Happy Diwali to all my Brave Soldiers. You guys are the Real HERO. We have highest respect for our soldiers. We live in peace and celebrate our festivals...Thanks to you guys valour. Jai Hind, Jai Jawan. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 My dear Soldier Brothers, You are all so dear to us, give us the comfortable and peaceful shelter, thwart the evil designs of our cross border enemies round the clock, I heartily salute your patriotism, We are all proud of you, Sincere Greetings on Diwali, A very Happy Diwali to you All
0 0 Happy Diwali to the real heroes of India....We all are proud of you... Jai Hind #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali for Indian soldier!!! JAI HIND
0 0 Hats off to you for safe us & happy diwali to all soldiers
0 0 wish you a very hapy &safe diwali to all.
0 0 May Lord Ganesh and Goddess Lakshmi fulfill your entire expectations on the auspicious occasion of DEEPAVALI-2016. Haapy Deepawali to You All.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brave indian soldiers.happy diwali brothers. just because you we are safe.i salute your bravery and sacrifice.Happy diwali to you and your respected family.This message is from me and my family.
0 0 A Very Happy Diwali to all the Brave and valiant Indian Soldiers because of whom we are able to celebrate the festival in such a wonderful manner. We would not happy and leading a peaceful full life if not from your sacrifice. A hearty thanks from me and every one of my brothers.
0 0 happy diwali to our indian soldiers.I feel proud am indian.our pm is narender modi who celebrate diwaliwdh indian soldiers
0 0 Crackers come in our life during celebrations but our soldiers risk the real ones daily. We owe big thanks to them for protecting us day and night. Happy Diwali.
0 0 It gives me great pleasure to extend warm greetings to u all.We know u all r bleeding today just for our tomorrow.Happy deepawali to all the brave protectors.U all r the precious diamond of the nation.JAI HIND.
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers #indianarmedforces Dear brothers Thanx for being so caring and responsible. Bcoz of ur duties we can live carefree down here.. Happy diwali. May u all live really long.. Ur sister Monika Rans
0 0 "The festive warmth, giggles all over the house,When the air smelt of his favourite savouring, To the memories of days when they had all sung happy songs amidst the festive brightness" To every memory our soldiers carry in their hearts, Standing out there so we do not miss out on these pleasures we are blessed with.... Because we owe it all to them and their loved ones.. "Neither is culture,religion nor polity their fashion; INDIA ain't their LOVE, she is their PASSIO" #HappyDiwali :) :)
0 0 Dear all, Wish u and your family a very happy diwali & prosperous new year. May God fulfill all your wishes in wealth, health & happiness in your life
0 0 Thank you brothers for protecting us by which we are able to celebrate all festival at our home safely...At this auspicious day, we wish goodluck for you & your family. Happy Diwali to all...Jai Hind Jai bharat & jai to all of You..
0 0 i wish a happy deepavali to our soldiers.... #bharath__matha__ki__jai
0 0 We are celebrating Deepawali peacefully at home because of our brave soldiers. Aap Sabhi ko dhanayawad aur Shubh Diwas.Jai Hind!
0 0 A very very Happy Diwali to all the Indian soliders and their families. A solider sacrifice his family for his country. They don't return their home on such a big festival like Diwali, so that we can enjoy this festival of lights without any kind of danger. They even don't care abt their own life and sacrifice it for their country. It is due to Indian soliders that we are celebrating this festival with happiness. Again i wish a very Happy Diwali to all the soliders of the Indian army  Jai Hind..
0 0 Wish you happy Diwali .....to all our soldiers .They are always ready to sacrifice their  life for our country.Salute to them all..Indian Army.
1 0 Happy DIWALI to Indian Army,Navy,Airforce, police, Paramilitary force and ITBF...I just cant find any word to thank you. Because of you only WE can say JAI HIND. JAI HIND...
0 0 Thanking you all for what you are doing for us is very less. Staying away from your families so that we can enjoy with our family,Courageous people. May god shower all blessings on each one of you and to our beloved nation. WE ARE PROUD OF YOU. #happy_diwali #Jaihind #Salute
0 0 Happy Diwali to my brothers & sister who selflessly defend us & our country 24*7 away from their own families & friends even during festivals to keep us safe.JAI HIND BHARATMATA KI JAI#Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces #PrimeMinister
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers A big thank you to the brave soldiers for being there for the us in every situation - be it protecting the borders or rescue & relief. We shall always be indebted to you & your families.
0 0 We have been great admirer of army and has always wished well for army. We have so much respect for each and every person serving in the army and their families to support them. Salute to our warriors and Jawans. Happy Deepawali.
0 1 Jai Hind And Bharat Mata Ki Jai Ma Vishal Shukla Bahart Mata Ka Veero ko Diwali Ki Shubhkaman Da Raha Hu Aur Sabhi jawanoo ki thanks Karta Hu jin ki Ki apna desh ka liya apni jaan ko hathli pa rakha kar border Duty karta ha to ka ham log acha sa apni zindgi bina kisi dar or chinta ka jee saka. Mara Salute ha Un logo ka ghar walo ko jo apna kisi faimly member ka bina ya pawan utsav celebrate karta ha Thanks And HAPPY DIWALI ONCE AGAIN AND JAI HIND
0 0 Dear Indian Army, I know "thank you" is not enough to all ur sacrifice and dedication. So I am not gonna say dat instead in this festive season from the behalf of My friend Madhurima and me, Sanjib, I wish you a happy diwalliiii. May God bless and protect you from all the evil eyes and gives u the courage to doing such a heroic duty of protecting motherland. We will always there besides u, no matter whatever happens. Proud to be an Indian which are protected by Courageous Indian Army.
0 0 We are eating,sleeping,playing and celebrating festivals safely and securely.its because of you.without you we are nothing.hatsoff to you. Happy diwali to you and your family.we are always with you forever.My salutes and respect to our heroes.
0 0 It's because of you that we are able to celebrate diwali.This nation will remain in debt of the sacrifices you are making for us.
0 0 Every minute we spend peacefully is a gift given to us by you. Every festival we celebrate is because of sacrifices you have made for us.may this Diwali bring lots of happiness  to you and your families. Happy Diwali 😊😊😊😊😊
0 0 Happy diwali to Indian Army ..Really proud of u for such bravery and courage u show on the borders no matter what may be the weather conditions or at tym of festivals ...but u stay strong in all the tough situations  and build that lakshman rekha so that no one can penetrate through it ....hats off to Indian Army u definetly command a lot more respect and dignity
0 0 Happy Diwali to our real heroes..You r d most respected person in our world .We always have gratitude n respect for u in our heart but never get a chance to express...but now time has changed . the gap between us is getting filled up. now we r expressing.spl thanks to our respected PM sir to make us more close to your heroes  ..
1 0 Happy Deepawali to our real heroes . THANK YOU.#SANDESH2SOLDIERS
1 0 happy diwali to all our soldiers and their families i am proud to be indian soldiers iam thankful to you because we living our life happily due to your sacrifice
1 0 Dear brothers and sisters from the Indian armed forces, we the citizens of India are grateful for your sacrifices and are proud of you. We salute your courage, your love towards India and Indians. We pray for you and your families and wish you good health and long life. We hope this Deepavali brings joy to you and your loved ones. Saluting the real heroes. Jai Hind! #Sandesh2Soldiers,#MannKiBaat,#PrimeMinister,#IndianArmedForces,#MyGov
0 0 Today I am living calmly with my family and others only because of you since you are the impeccable wall of my home (India). Salute is not sufficient to describe my gratitude.....I will say "Neti Neti.."
0 0 I salute the indomitable courage and spirit of all our national bravehearts with the bottom of my heart who continuously protect us against any external agressions. We take a sigh of relief at our homes the whole year long just because you are always there for us... We cannot imagine a life without you, and the supreme sacrifice that you make for the nation. We Indians are truly honoured to have you as our ideal heroes. We all wish you and your family "A Very Very Special Deepawali". Jai Hind🙏
0 0 KhaTroN Se HaNs Ke KhElna, ItNi To Ham MEin HiMMat Hai ModHein KalAyee MaUt Ki, ITni To HAm Mein TAAqat HAi Ham SARHADON Ke Vaaste, Lohe Ki Ik DEEWAAR Hain Ham DUSHMANON Ke Vaaste, Hoshiyaar Hain TAIYAR Hain HATTS OFF OF TO U..... ALL INDIAN ARMY OFFICERS N HAPPY DIWALI
0 0 Most Respected Citizens of India  - Our Soldiers, A very Happy Deepawali to you & your family. Sincere Thank you for doing one of the most dangerous jobs on the planet & protecting us every second, minute, hour, day, week, month & year. God Bless & protect you & your family just like you've been doing for us. Thank you once again!
0 0 happy diwali to all respected soldiers
0 0 Jai hind jai bharat Happy deepawali to all of my brave soldiers
0 0 Wishing all my soldier brothers a very happy diwali.JAI HIND
0 0 Happy Diwali to army. Thank you for being there guarding us you all are the only reason that we can celebrate and enjoy festivals. we are proud of you. Jai hind. :)
0 0 Wish u a very happy diwali my brothers my real heroes...at present we r suffering a lot negativity due to some bloody terrorists but we r safe because of u... may god bless u... and jo b mere bhai shahid hue h unhe mera sat sat naman...ye diwali hum banaye to banaye kaise..mere bhaiyo ki kurbani h isme...salute to our indian army...
0 0 Dear Soldiers, Wish you happy Diwali to you and your family, We all citizens are proud of you . Due to you we all citizens are  safe and able to celebrating festivals . Aap hai to hum hai... Prod of Indian Soldiers!! Happy Diwali to all Javan from all 125 Core people!!! Jai Hind
0 0 Happy diwali to all brave sons of mother India..jay hind
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers....
0 0 Happy diwali soldiers thanks for making our diwali with peace ☺️
0 0 Dear Soldiers, We are all very proud of your valour and sacrifices. Please don't ever think that you are alone. Entire country is with you and your family. Thankyou for bringing happiness and smiles in our lives at the cost of your personal lives... We pray for your long lives and happiness on the occasion of Diwali and seek blessings from god for your brave hearts. Jai Hind Jai Bharat #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 Wish you a very very happy and safe Diwali. We know you live for us die for us in every condition you save our nation. jab bhi kisi jawan ke shaheed hone ki news sunta hu to ankhe nam ho jati h. app bas vishwas rakhiye hum apke sath h pura desh apke sath h. Agar mauka mila to mai bhi defece force Join karunga. dhanya h ye desh, ye hindustan jaha app jaise vir, parakrami jawan paida hote h . hats off to you sir...
0 0 If the world see the hart of the India then it shows the thousand golden hart of indian solder and fill the hart bits of every Indian for them.
0 0 Pura desh apko is deewali par salam karta hai.is deewali se pura rastra ek pariwar ke tarah apke saath hai.pura desh Roshan kyuki ap hamare rakha k liye din raat tatpar ho.happy deepawali and jai hind
0 0 Namaste Real Hero's Of Country..... Salute To All And We Proud Of U.... HAPPY DIVALI TO ALL INDIAN SOLDIERS We all with you...........JAI HIND BHARATH MATHA KI JAI JAI SRI RAM
0 0 U r real hero of my counrty...salute of u soldiers..happy dipawali.....
0 0 Happy Deepawali to all the real heroes of our country and their respected families. Heartfelt thanks for your services and sacrifices in order to give us the opportunity and safe haven to enjoy festivals. Jai Hind!!
0 0 Wishing you a very happy & safe Diwali. At this very moment I feel so proud of Indian Army. I very humbly salute your bravery, valour & confidence to safe guard our motherland at the cost of all comfort , pleasures & luxury of life which we enjoy just because you secure us day & night.God bless & long live Indian Army. Vande Mataram. Jai Hind.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the soldiers of the country. I bow down with great respect for making millions of people of our country live in peace. May you all stay blessed. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers There is no word or statement to describe the Immortal souls known as Soldiers. Just want to add the below words for our Eminent Army wings. A- Always R- Ready in any situation to M- Manage and keeping our Country safe with a Y- Yeasty event.
0 0 Jai Jawan. We salute for our brave soldiers This festival happiness is bcoz of your courageous battle to serve the country. Happy Diwali. Proud of you all. Jai hind .
0 0 Thank u jawans for having sacrificed your normal lives to lead the life of a soldier. Thanks to all those who let their loved ones become soldiers without any complaint. The entire nation will always remain proud of u INDIAN ARMY!! #Sandesh2Soldiers
1 0 wish you a very very happy Deepawali....it's because of you people we are able to celebrate this eve...may god bless you and your family ...once again happy Deepawali and Jai Hind
0 0 I am proud that I am a citizen Of INDIA. I am grateful to the SOLDIERS who are guarding the borders without complaining about any difficulties which so ever. Because of them we are safe, and can sleep peacefully at our home,can celebrate all our festivals without fear. I THANK ALL OUR SOLDIERS FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART AND WISH A VERY HAPPY DIWALI TO THEM. MAY GOD BLESS THEM.
0 0 Deepavali wishes to all our soldiers, you shall be in our thoughts always
0 0 Wish u and ur family A Happy & Prosperous Diwali. 'JaiHind'
0 0 Respected Soldiers, Happy Diwlai to you and your family. We express our sincere gratitude for protecting us. Only because of you we are leading our lives happily
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali to our brave soldiers who gave their tomorrow for our today.
1 0 Dear Soldiers, We are all very proud of your valour and sacrifices. Please don't ever think that you are alone. Entire country is with you and your family. Thankyou for bringing happiness and smiles in our lives at the cost of your personal lives... We pray for your long lives and happiness on the occasion of Diwali and seek blessings from god for your brave hearts. Jai Hind Jai Bharat
0 0 Happy and safe Diwali to all the brave soldiers.
0 0 My Dear Indian Soldiers, no matter how much I write and express gratitude, nothing can match the contribution that you make to ensure safety and security of all Indians. Salute to your courage, salute to your determination, salute to your resilience! Salute to your family members who make great sacrifices so that you can secure all of us from the foes across the border. Very happy and prosperous Diwali to all of you. Jai Hind!#Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForces #MyGov
0 0 Sir (To All Rank Soldiers), From Your Brother A Very Happy Diwali...Your Their For Our Protection That's Why We (Every Citizen Including Poor/Middle/Politician's/Bussiness Men/Multimillionaire ) Are Safe Here At Our Home/Office/Everywhere...Jai Hind Jai Bharath....
0 0 We have been great admirer of army and has always wished well for army. We have so much respect for each and every person serving in the army and their families to support them. Salute to our warriors and Jawans. Happy Deepawali.
0 0 Diwali wishes with a salute to all soldiers...
0 0 happy deepawali to my all indian soldiers brothers. we are proud of u. bhai hum aapke sath hai. God bless to all of u. JAI HIND.
0 0 wish u a very very happy diwali brave soldiers...
0 0 Jab hum ghar pe Sukun ka Zindagi Bita rahen hain woh sirf app logon ke Bajah se Sambhav hai kyon ki aaj hum Diwali mana rahe hain apni gharpe, lekin app logon ne Sarhad par Jagte hue Hamare liye apni Kurbani de rahen hain app ko mera Namaskar, app ko mera Salam, JAGANNATH Bhagwan ke pass mera ek hi Gujarish hai ki Santi kayam ho aur app logon ke sath sath Bharat ka har nagarik ja Jiban salamat rahe. BHARAT MATA KI JAY.JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN.Feeling proud to be an Odia and an INDIAN
0 0 A Very Happy Deepavali to all our ARMED FORCES. May you all have a great time of celebration. My hats off to you for your undeterred dedication to the service of this magnificent country. You are role models to the people of this country. We are with you and behind you all the time. We pray for your good health and happiness. A very big Thank You for guarding our country from evil forces. I have not seen GOD but after seeing you all, I know that you are my GOD.#Sandesh2Soldiers. Shankar, Chennai
0 0 You are the reason why everybody is living in peace. May god bless you all ❤️💯
0 0 Happy Diwali to our Indian Army... their Families. We pray to God that you can also celebrate Diwali with us peacefully.. Wish you all a very Happy Diwali..:)
0 0 Thanks for being there for us, so we can celebrate festivals without any fear. Wish you all a very safe and happy Deepawali.
0 0 This Deepawali u r away from ur home  but we promise that we are ur family and the entire nation is ur home. We thank u for always protecting us from our enemies  and keeping us safe. We wish u a very very happy Deepawali. BHARAT MATA KI JAI.
0 0 Happy Diwali to my great Indian  Soldiers.You are our real hero.You are the backbone of our life and Indian army.We will celebrate Diwali with a Soldier's family.We are sleeping peacefully because of you.JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN.BHARAT MATA KI JAI.
0 0 A very very happy Diwali for real heroes'(soldiers of our nation) & families. .      BHARAT MATA KI JAI .    JI HIND JI BHARAT.........
0 0 Diwali is the festival of “Burayi par Achayi ki Jeet”, and you have always done that at the border. We Indians salute our soldiers and wish you a very Happy and prosperous Diwali!
0 0 Respects soldiers out  there who are fighting for us on the border so that we can celebrate all d festivals wid our families carefree, Wishing you a very Happy Deepawali. Ap hamare desh ki aan,baan,shaan ho.Ap hai tab hi ham hai. Jai hind :-)
0 0 Thanks and gratitude to all the Indian forces - Army, Navy and Air Force - and their families for the supreme sacrifice they have made to keep us safe. And a very Happy Diwali to all.
0 0 Dear soldiers You protect us from borders and we pray for your happiness and prosperous life. WISH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY A VERY HAPPY DIWALI.
0 0 I WANT TO WISH A VERY HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS DIWALI TO ALL OUR BRAVE SOLDIERS AND SERVICEMEN  FROM NAVY, AIR FORCE AND ARMY. BECAUSE OF YOU AND YOU ONLY WE CAN SLEEP IN PEACE AT NIGHT. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE. JAI HIND. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 On the auspicious day of Diwali, Wishing you success, Happiness and Prosperity. Happy Diwali.
0 0 Dear soliders I am very glad to have the avengers like you. I am also trying and preparing hard to serve my country from the front as a soilder. I wish you all a very very happy diwali. The whole country is with you. Jai hind.... and again happy diwali to all my heros
0 0 Dedicating the attached blog post of mine to all the soldiers of the Indian Army. As a person whose life you saved two years back, I know that a lifetime is not enough to say thank you, however please accept this as my "thank you" note and Diwali greeting. May God bless you. The link to the blog post is: http://the-inexplicable-life.blogspot.in/2016/10/sandesh2soldiers-diwali...
0 0 Happy Deepavali to our Indian army. Thank you for your service to the country.
0 0 Happy Diwali to you all our Great Saviours, Salute to you all. We are safe because of you. We respect you all for your Brave & Fearless Heart.
0 0 I wish all the Indian soldiers a very happy diwali.They spend sleepless nights so that we can sleep peacefully in our houses. #Sandesh2soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our jawans.You people are real heroes#respect.You all are the guardians of our country...jai hind..happy Diwali once 😊
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers Happy Diwali to all JAVANS JAI HIND JAI BHARAT
0 0 Deepawali Greetings To Brave Indian Soldiers ....  Our thoughts are with you and your families .....
0 0 Very Happy Deepawali to our brothers and sisters of the armed forces personnel and to their families. Your duty would entail long separations, many on important occasions from your family. We understand, salute and bow down to your grit and determination to make our motherland secure. We are with you, always, and always.
1 0 A very very HAPPY DIWALI to all my INDIAN soldiers and their family....taking care of each nd every family of our country....without taking care of their lives.....Its a great priviliage for me to solute them from the core of my heart.....this is all due to all that we are sitting in our homes safely and comfortably without any tensions mark on our face........So once again...a very very HAPPY DIWALI and u all stay blessed ..........WE ALLL ARE WITH YOU.....JAI HIND ...JAI BHARAT...
0 0 You people are the reason for our celebrations of every festival in our life. You sacrificed your enjoyment with your family for us. You are the people who are showing gratitude towards our mother India. Wishing you a very very happiest moments of Diwali in your life. Hats off. JAI HIND JAYAHO BHARAT .  A.V. KAMAL 8TH CLASS STUDENT.
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL OUR GREAT INDIAN SOLDIERS.....SALUTE YOU....PROUD TO BE AN INDIAN.WISH YOU AND ALL YOUR BRAVE FAMILY MEMBERS A HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS DIWALI...SALUTING YOU...INDIAN
1 0 Happy HAPPY Diwali... Proud of your dedication Sacrifices. Anyday ready to help you guys. #ProudofourIndianArmy
0 0 happy diwali to indian forces
0 0 I SALUTE OUR ALL SOLDIERS & THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS, ON THE EVE OF "DEEPAVALI FESTIVAL" I WISH OUR ALL SOLDIERS & THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS HAPPY DEEPAVALI, I PRAY LORD "SHIVA" TO PROTECT OUR SOLDIERS, AND VANISH ALL ANTI INDIA PEOPLE
0 0 Our heartiest diwali greetings to the brave soldiers of Indian army,navy,air force,ITBP,BSF.JAI HIND !!
0 0 Salutes to our brave Indian soldiers.  It's only becoz of you we are safe and celebrating deepavali.  Thanks and stay safe.  Happy deepavali
0 0 i salute every single soldier fighting on border. irrespective of problems be it personal or national you are there for us i and people of India respect for you whole heartily
0 0 You Sacrifices Your Life's  to protect 120 crores people of India .. .. We are happy here only Because of You people who are Continuously  Struggling in 15,100 kms of Indian Border .. .. To make People Happy …. We are here to make you happy on the Eve of Diwali .. Dedicating this Diwaali for  you Soldiers of India ..  A salute from me is always ready to Give .. For your Great Work for the country .. 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳Jai Hind. …#Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 happy diwali to you and your family.thanks for protecting us.we are full supporting you and we are with you.indian army jindabad and bharat mata ki jai
0 0 Saluting our Brave Jawans and wishing Happy Diwali to them & their family member's.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our brave Soldiers standing for our families and our Bharat desh. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 A very happy Deepawali to our brave armed forces whose real celebration lie in the fact  how peacefully,fearlessly we celebrate our festivals.A great & innovative  initiative by our beloved Modi sir to invove us with armed forces in the festive seasons to make us realize that our celebration has no meaning without involving our armed forces. Hats of to our ARMED FORCES.Jai Hind
0 0 Happy Diwali Indian Solidiers ...
0 0 No combination of the 26 alphabets of English is enough to create a word that sums up our reverence and respect for the brave soldiers of our country. You uphold the ideals and are the living idols for any and every Indian. Your hard work is respected. Your worth is respected. You are respected. Dear soldiers, Happy Diwali! Thank you for being our lamp and our oil to light up our lives. You are our real heroes. :)
0 0 We thank you for always protecting us from our enemies and keeping us safe. Here’s wishing the best for you, Happy Diwali to our brave soldiers!Saluting the Real Heroes...
0 0 Wishing you a happy Diwali. Thank you for keeping our country safe. There is no Country without you guys. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 A very happy diwali to all the respected soldiers deployed on borders for the security of our nation.successful surgical strike by Indian army preponed the diwali festival for all countrymen.i am very grateful to all of the soldiers.hats off to all valour martyrs and soldiers.they bring a feeling of immense dedication towards our duties. I pray to God May all the soldiers live long.happy deepawali. dhanyawad
0 0 HAPPY Diwali my dear brothers. we all are thanking becuase so many of soldiers sacrifice their lifes and protect our nation and also me. Jai hind....jai jawan
1 0 To all the jawans and those on the frontlines, your sacrifices are in our hearts! Thank you, and Jai Hind!
1 0 A very very Happy Diwali to all brothers and sisters that make countless sacrifices for us on the border. You are our gaurdians, protecting us on the border and staying away from your dear ones. From the bottom of my heart, i pray that all your wishes come true. I salute to you all. Happy Diwali and Jai Hind! :)
1 0 Happy Diwali to all soldiers and their families........I have no words to say how great u all are...I salute u all and your families and some how you inspire people and there is nothing that matchs you all. JAI HIND JAI JAVAN 🇮🇳
0 0 Happy Diwali to all. Thank you for making our life safe by getting your's in trouble. Great Salute to u..!!
1 0 Thankyou for protecting us Thankyou for everything you did for us. Everytime you all gave goosebumps to us. Salute to your bravery. Happy Diwali Indiansoldiers Jai hind 🇮🇳
0 0 Happy Diwali to our Brave Soldiers!!!
0 0 Hi mai brijesh yadav aap sabhi bahubali sainiko ko diwali ki bahut bahut shubh kamanaye deta hu Do shabd- Ye khaki wardi jo desh ki samman h Bharat maata ki sewa ke lia ek vardan h Is khaki wardi se dushman kapte h Ye khaki wardi desh ki shan h Jai Hind
0 0 Wish you all a very happy dialing.
0 0 Salute to our soldiers who are there to protect us so we can live peacefully and can celebrate our festivals... Thanks a lot ...Happy Diwali...
0 0 Wishing all the brave hearts who defend our borders a very Happy Diwali. It's because of your courage and strength that we are able to celebrate such a joyous occasion in peace. Thank you for everything.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the Jawans. PROUD of you guys. There is no Country without you guys. #Sandesh2Soldiers #ProudofmyIndianArmy
0 0 Dearsoldiers,I am10yearoldgirl saluting foryour selflessduties in the border protecting our country bystaying awayfrom yourfamilies bygiving us peaceful life.When I asked who is a soldier mymother said you're likemy father with whom ifeel secured when iam in&out of house.you're likemy brother whosafeguards me inschool&playground.bythat I understood howimportant role you're playing in allindians life.May godgive you strength&capacity to meetallyourexpectations and takeallprayers ofus.Happy diwali
0 0 Dear Soldiers,standing in the front you lead the entire nation in any confrontation. So, u r also our LEADERS. We are proud of your sacrifices. We try to lead a life in your spirit of selflessness. On this Diwali,the whole nation is firing crackers and lighting lamps.We celebrate bursting fireworks.We remember at this every moment that you too fire,not to celebrate,but to protect us,the country. So,I pray that all our great soldiers be safe. HAPPY DIWALI TO U & Ur FAMILies. -From our Family
0 0 we salute you all our brave soldiers, for whom our safety n security is first. so we all Indians salute you for what u give us.
0 0 Happy Deepavali to our great Indian army and to our great prime minister 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
0 0 Happy diwali to our brave soldiers & their family... May god bless you all & we are one with you !!!
0 0 Unable to express in words the gratitude, immense sense of respect, awe and belonging-ness that we all have towards the entire defense fraternity !  We owe them everything !  From our entire family and especially from my mother, 76 years and almost blind, here are our very very best wishes for the entire defense fraternity.  We shall always remember them in our prayers. regards
0 0 Happy Diwali to the protectors of India....Jai Hind
0 0 My Great RESPECT to our Country Armed Forces ...My salute..to them and their families...Its a great opportunity to thank you and your family,,HAPPY DEEPAVALI to you all...
0 0 Wishing all of our real heros and their families a very happy and prosperous diwali.we proud of you all . We are going to celebrate a happy and joyfull diwali because of you only. We will always remember your sacrifices . Salute to you all . JAI HIND
0 0 As father protect there child from all evils ,similarly soldiers protect there country from all the evils.So I wish Happy Diwali to all my brave soldiers  of Army,Navy and Air Forces. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Wish all our jawans a very Happy Diwali!! It is because of your presence and your sacrifices that we can celebrate with our families..we are with you in all your efforts and will do whatever we can to support you..
0 0 Happy Diwali to all you Braveheart's..! Jai Hind... !
0 0 My soldier brothers, Because of you today we all are able to celebrate the festivals with our family members. You all sacrifice  everything to guard the nation so that we all can live happy with our families. On this festival me and my family is wishing all my soldier brothers a very happy Diwali from the bottom of our heart. We stay miles apart but our blessings and wishes will always be there for you all. JAI HIND.
0 0 Happy Deepawali to all soilders who sacrifice their life for the safety of our family and nation .I pray for you and your family
0 0 Just as the sacrifice of our freedom fighters to set India free and independent cannot be forgotten. In the similar manner the efforts and the sacrifices of our soldiers to maintain the integrity and sovereignty of India will never be forgotten. The citizens of India live fearlessly as they know very well the capability of Indian soldiers to defend India from any external threat which can never be questioned in anyway. Happy Diwali to all Indian soldiers and their family members.
0 0 We all being happy since many years just because of your life sacrifice to our motherland. Big thanks to all our Indian army and happy Diwali...jai hind 🙏.
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers   A very happy Deepawali to our dear soldiers.. a big Salute to all of ..thank you for securing all of us each second and every minute.. HAPPY DIWALI to our REAL HEROS!
0 0 Mere desh ke veer jawano,sabse pehale to mai apka thanks karna chahata hu ki apke karan hum log apne gharo me khush or aman ke sath reh rahe hai..mai or mera pura priwar iss diwali par apko yaad rakhega or ek deepak apke name ka b jalayia jayega..meri or mere priwar ki or se HAPPY DIWALI OR PROSPEROUS  DIWALI..JAI JAWAN..JAI JAWAN ..JAI BHARAT........HARMEET SINGH
0 0 Happy Diwali to all army
0 0 Happy Diwali to our brave soldiers who are fighting for us!!!A big salute to you soldiers!!!Happy Diwali once again!!!!Bharat mata ki jai!!Jai Hind #Sandesh2soldeirs
0 0 Papa Ki ankho ke deepak, mummy ki ankho ke tare Aap sab sanik Bhaio or bahneo ko pure INDIA Ki taraf Se  DEEPAVALI Ki subhkamnay .
0 0 Happy diwali to our brave soldiers & their family... May god bless you all & we are one with you !!!
0 0 Many many happy Diwali to our soldiers  .Seriously today we are able to enjoy  this lightening of Diwali  because of  you. I want to adress you all as God as you are protecting  us  always  .you have sacrificed your life , family  everything because of us . A grand Salute to all the Indian soldiers we are always with you. Finally I want to tell I love you  to all my  elder brothers  and sisters  .
0 0 Happy Diwali brave hearts!! I'm not brave as you are, one should have a brave heart to choose army. You men deserve all respect. I'm so proud to be an Indian. May god bless you all, Your family are proud and blessed to have you. Wish you all a very happy Diwali to all the gods over there!!! #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForces #MyGov #Indian
0 0 Wishing a very Happy the festival of lights "DIWALI" to our country's real heros "JAWANS". Only b'coz u we can celebrate each festival peacefully under your shelter of protection. Heartiest salute to you my heroes. "Jay Hind" "Jay Bharat".
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brave brothers.WE are WITH you all and very very proud of our soldiers.INDIAN ARMED FORCES, THE NAME IS ENOUGH FOR THE WORLD. THANK YOU!!
0 0 Happy Diwali to my soldiers
1 0 I am proud on me because I am an Indian....and I'm secure with by Indian army ...I salute her.. Happy diwali all my Indian army who secure our country on border.... In this time they don't take any rest Only mind on secure our country Jai #jwan jai #kisan #bharat mata ki jay Amr sahido ki jay All army is greatest
0 0 Happy Diwali to brave indian defence forces ,bec of you only we are celebrating the Diwali peacefully God always with you and with your family , thanks to Modiji for giving such wonderful event to participate and sent our greetings to military forces Jai Hind
0 0 Dear Soilders, we are so proud of you. Wish you and your families Happy Diwali. #indianarmedforces
0 0 If I do dare to get up the next morning. Its because of the indian defence forces. Thank you for protecting us. Jai hind
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our soldiers who are protecting the country 24*7..salute
0 0 Wishing All our Brave Heart Indian Armed Forces Jawans A Very Happy, JoyFul and Surgical Diwali !!!! May All your wish be fulfilled by Lord. A huge Thanks for Protecting Us by Staying Away from your own Family and expecting Noting in Return You Guys are Great !!! We Love you !!! Jai Hind !! Vande Matram !!! Happy Diwali to All you Guys !!!
0 0 Wishing the brave Indian soldiers... A Happy Diwali...
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our soldiers! Jai Hind
0 0 Salute and Deepavali Wishes to The Great Indian Army who has always brought in light to our lives. Thank you.
0 0 My heartiest wishes to all the soldiers, Happy Diwali !
0 0 Diwali is the festival of “Burayi par Achayi ki Jeet”, and you have always done that at the border. We Indians salute our soldiers and wish you a very Happy and prosperous Diwali!
0 0 A very happy diwali to all the brave soldiers. You are the real heroes of our country. Thankyou for all the sacrifices you make in order to secure our safety. Jai hind.
0 0 Happy Diwali INDIAN ARMY :) #Sandesh2Soldiers #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForces
0 0 Happy Diwali to my brave brothers and sisters. Praying to God for your good health and happiness. Jai Hind.
0 0 Happy diwali to all those who have or had served our country and have given unlimited sacrifices for the nation!salute and wishing each jawan at the border happy diwali! #sandesh2soldiers
1 0 Dil se karte hai tumhe salam, javano tumhe jo soupa gaya kam ,bin tumhare ho gaye hote gulam, yeh diwali sirf tumhare hi ma'am JAI HIND HAPPY DIWALI
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the Jawans.. Very proud of each and every one of you.Your dedication, selfless sacrifices. I wish I could also be a part of the prestigious Indian army. #ProudofourIndianArmy #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 happy diwali our brave jawans
0 0 Respected all persons related to defence forces of our country in any manner ,my regards to you all.you all are  rama ji of so called kalyug. you are protecting all of us from  evil powers .you are bringing happiness to all indians and because of you only our country  is safe 24*7.my and my family salute and regards to you all.happy diwali. Jai hind.
1 0 HAPPY DIWALI. WE ARE ENJOYING THIS FESTIVE SEASON BECAUSE YOU ARE WITH US. WE ARE SLEEPING BECAUSE YOU ARE AWAKE. YOU ALL ARE OUR FAMILY MEMBERS. PROUD OF YOU.............. WISHING YOU A VERY HAPPY AND COLORFUL DIWALI.
0 0 Happy Diwali dear soldiers.wen I eat,sleep,spend time wit family members my mind has a question.How our soldiers are able 2 stay away from their families guarding the nation restlessly, how they are sleeping and eating peacefully.how their family members are sleeping peacefully.because of your sacrifices we r leading peace ful life.ur sacrifices means a lot 2 us and can't be explained in words.I pray God that all of you 2 be safe and nothing unusual happens 2 your life.salute our real heros #s2s
0 0 Another year will be over, another year will come. I hope and pray that the lights of Diwali illuminate the new chapter of your life. Happy Diwali!
1 0 A big kudos to our soldiers bcz of whom we are able to celebrate the biggest festival of the year that is 'DIWALI' safely!😊 Thanku so much for sacrificing your joys for our safety. May god give you much strength to fight the evils. We are proud of you! Thanks for making our country a better place😊 Endless gratitude for you all.. Thank you! Wishing you'll a very happy and prosperous diwali. Jai hind!🇮🇳
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian Defence person and their families.
0 0 May thousands of lamps light up your life with endless happiness, richness, health & wealth forever wishing you a very “HAPPY DIWALI”☺
0 0 A big thank you to all our soldiers who are protecting us by keeping thier lives on stake. You guys are the sole reason why we could our diwali and other festivals with our families and friends. Even if we try we can't repay your and your family's sacrifices. All I could say now is, a very Happy and Safe Diwali to all of you. :)
0 0 Happy diwali to all our soldiers. Jai Hind
0 0 I SALUTE ALL OUR SOLDIERS AND THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS WHO HAVE SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES FOR WE INDIANS AND FOR OUR NATION...
0 0 Wishing all our soldiers and their families a peaceful diwali . Its a difficult time for many families who have lost their sons .. but we stand by our forces and their loved ones . I wish for the safety of my men on pur borders .. may god protect them from all ill.. #sandeshtosoldiers
0 0 Vry vry hpy diwali dearest soldiers Wish u safe n prosperous Diwali Aap h to hum h aur hindustan h Tnx 4 ur dedication 4 us
0 0 Your job is to fight for our country, My job is to love and support you. Thank you for being my hero. Salute to Indian Army. Happy Deepawali 2 u & ur family.
0 0 A very happy Diwali to real heroes of our country.. salute for all of u..
0 0 On this auspicious occasion,we the people of India wish a very happy and a prosperous Diwali to the biggest hero's of our country.We are proud of you and we salute you.
0 0 Happy Diwali I love my indian army
0 0 My Great Brothers and Sisters you all are doing greatest service to the nation without bothering about your own life, your family and comforts. Because of you we civilians are enjoying freedom and the cost of which you all are paying. We all should remember this always and hope you all will we safe, healthy and happy and some day you all gets chance to return to your own family and enjoy life like us.Happy Deepawali!!! Jai Jawan!!! Jai Hind!!!
0 0 I salute u all my brave soldiers.my whole Country is always with u in any situation
0 0 I know I am a tiny dot in front of the humongous legacy of Indian Army...I express my hearty gratitude towards our saviours who risk their lives for us...Happy Deepawali to our messiahs....May this deepawali enlighten their lives and the brightness overshadows all the materialistic sheen of the world..Vande Mataram..I fall short of words to express my thankfulness and solidarity towards soldiers and their families..#Sandesh2Soldiers .This is my #MannKiBaat..
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my great friends.....GOD always be with you all.....
0 0 Hats off to the guards of the nation.
0 0 Happy diwali to our brethren .We are proud of you .Its because of your sacrifice that we can celebrate diwali with our loved ones.May god protect you and give your loved ones happiness. I salute you.JAI HIND
1 0 HAPPY DEEPAWALI TO MY ARMY.
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldier We celebrate our Diwali with our family JUST because someone away from their family are guarding Border and read to give up his life so that we enjoy our festive season here peaceful. Nation Salute  your supreme sacrifice. Happy Diwali To Our Armed Forces
0 0 Here is my SANDESH attached,for all the Indian brave hearts and my salute to them. !!JAI HIND!!
0 0 I am a class 11 student but when I see that even on the occasion of Diwali the soldiers are there on the border away from their family,to protect what's more important,the country of which I am a part of and so is his family,I feel they have reached the highest record of sacrifice.And when they can do this even after knowing that death might embrace them any moment,but still brave enough and proud to die fighting for their country,I feel I'm grateful to them every second of my life. Happydiwali!
0 0 Wishing a very happy  Diwali to our REAL HEROES AND THEIR FAMILIES.You people are always at the top of our thinking. Jai HIND Jai HIND.
0 0 Dear Soldiers thank you very much for protecting us. Our country is safe because of you.  I wish you all a very happy Diwali. Jaihind.
0 0 Happy dipawli to all my brave soldiers n their family.....We r celebrating dipawli Bcz of our brave soldiers who sacrifice his life for us....
0 0 Khandelwal Samiti  Wishes You all a very Happy and Safe Diwali. May this Deepawali Sparkle Wisdom; Light New Hope,New Joy,bring Peace  Prosperity & Brotherhood.
1 0 #sandesh2soldiers. I m a teacher.I wake up in morning and attend my school.I m able to follow this routine safely because of u.we sleep in night without any tension because of u people..I m proud of my army..A big salute for u.
1 0 Happy Dewali jawano,, we are with you.
0 0 A GRAND SALUTE TO ALL THE BRAVES. We are nothing without you all. Happy Diwali to the Jawans.
0 0 We as Indians salute you for your 24-hour service for the nation! _/\_ आप हो तो ये देश है,आप हो तो हम सब है Wish you a very very Happy DIWALI!Jai Hind!
0 0 Happy Diwali all my brave brothers and their families we all with you :)
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers HAPPY DIWALI SOLDIERS 1.MATHA 2.PITHA 3.GURU 4.GOD 5.ARMY
1 0 happy diwali to all our soldiers.we all salute u from bottom of our heart. JAI HIND.... #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 A big salute to all Indian soldiers,who sacrifices their everything to protect our nation.You guys are real heroes of our  life. Wish you all a very happy DIWALI ...!!! Bharat Mata ki Jai ..!!!🇮🇳
0 0 Wish you a very HAPPY DIWALI for real heroes of our nation. We are and always will be proud of you all
0 0 Happy Diwali to all Indian soldiers, who are protecting our motherland, we are safe because of you. God bless you all with long life. #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali for Indian army and for their family.you are our superheroes.also wish you a happy bhaidhooj. God bless you 😊 .Jai Hind.#sandesh2soldiers
0 0 Just a mention of our Indian Army&I feel a lump in my throat out of sheer respect&my heart swells in pride.As a typical Indian,I'm the cyclical kind about my nation but if there's anything that symbolizes patriotism for me and I feel confidently proud of...Then it's you guys.I don't want to thanku&make your Supreme sacrifice look small.I want to offer a full body bow down salutation for every selfless discomfort you all do for us.Remember each one of u in my prayers&want u'll to come back safe.
1 0 Happy Diwali to all my Indian soldiers. Thank you for protecting our country .
1 0 You are the Heroes for everyone , you are the true inspiration for the country of highest demographic dividend , We Salute you.. & we pledge that we'll  always try to make contribution as large like you. The country will always remember & remain inspired by the Braveries of the Soldiers . Salute to u #IndianArmedForces.
2 0 Thank you to you and your families for all your sacrifices, strength and everything that you do to keep us safe. I can imagine how difficult it must be when you hear citizens say negative things but please do not believe that. Your contribution is respected and valued by each citizen. We wish you and your families a very Happy & Prosperous Diwali and pray that God continues to bless you and your families.
2 0 Thank you so much, for all that you do search and every day to keep us safe. I salute all the sacrifices which you give selflessly in order to secure our safety. You people are indeed the real heroes of the country. Even I want to join the Army and become like you all. Yeh Diwali aap sabke naam. Happy Diwali Fauji bhaiyo.
1 0 Happy diwali  to our real heros we r celebrating all festivals safely because of u. Thank u so much. Jai hind. warm wishes from Ali's family
1 0 To , All my brothers and sisters of The Indian army, I don't  know how to thank you guys ...words vl be too short for that...Happy Diwali to u nd ur family...where ever u guys are stay safe nd again a big thanks for keeping us safe and secymure from the evil eyes ... Jai Jawan
0 0 We wish our Soldier brothers a very Happy Diwali. Thank you for always caring for us and protecting India.
0 0 wish you many many very happy diwali, my soldier brother.
0 0 Happy Deepawali to all our soldiers. ...... jai hind
1 0 Respected soldiers of my country, I salute u all. We are celebrating Diwali safe because of you. I pray to GOD for ur safety.God always bless you and your family. Dear,u all lives in our heart. You are the real hero of my country. Wish u and ur family a happy and safe Diwali. Jai Hind Jai Bharat vandematram Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Bharat Mata ki Jai........ Jai... Jai... Jai......... Jai
0 0 Me and my family wishes you a very happy Deepavali , without you we don't be able celebrate this festival happily .I hope that all brave Indian soldiers will be safe there
0 0 The Real INDIAN HEROES- you are not just a soldier, you are the breath of our country. You are the one who make our lives safe without being afraid. We celebrate our days because of you #Army HEROES. Wish you a very #HAPPY DIWALI Tu hi h saans is desh ki Tu hi h dhadkan is desh ki Ni h yha tujhsa koi Tu veer h is dharti ka Bharat ka tu sipahi ni Bharat ki tu jaan h Jai Hind A #great salute to our#INDIAN HEROES HAPPY DIWALI TO WHOLE ARMY - Chandani Chaudhary
0 0 Happy diwali to the most brave hearted individuals of India. We pray for your safety and your happiness.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our great soldiers.Thank u so much for protecting us from all kind of enemies.Allah always bless you.
0 0 A very HAPPY DIWALI to all our real heros............ JAI HIND.............
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali to soldiers and their family of Indian Army. Col C C Diwan
0 0 On this Diwali all I want to say is Thank you. Thank you for keeping us safe when you fight with your life; thank you for protecting our families when your own are anxiously waiting for you, thank you for laying down your life to make sure we live in peace. Thank you for a million things. Today we will light lamps on behalf of you all and we will hope that our lights, laughter and blessings are carried over to you. We hope that at least next year you can come home for Diwali. Happy Diwali :)
0 0 I've been thinking a lot about this 'sandesh' to you, and feel there aren't words to thank you all for what you do for every Indian. Wherever you go, you carry our country's light with you. India's lamp is forever lit with the fire of your bravery. May the gods bless each one of you with good health and happiness, a prayer that all of us in our homes will say as a thank you for your supreme service. Happy Diwali! Jai Hind!
0 0 Happy diwali to all soldiers.. You are real heros of India and we are very proud of you🇮🇳
1 0 Happy deepawali to all our soldiers and their families and to our PM Narendra modi. I pray to God good health and progress for all
0 0 Indian Army Parivar Ko Mera shatha koti VANDAN Soldier ke Bachey Puchetay hi" Pappa Aap Deepawali ko Ghar avogena?" Magar ham janthy hi Barath Ke VEER JAVNO, AAP BARATH  KE IN VISHAL PARIVAR KE LEY kithana tayag They HI,  Bus AB Kaheneke leay Akashar bus nahe hongey........ BARATH MATHAKI JAI,
0 0 Dear Heroes, My sincere Diwali wishes to each of you who guard our borders. Your valor and commitment makes every Indian proud and wish you great success in defending our great nation. Jai Hind
0 0 Salute to all soldiers and Happy Diwali to all. "Jai Jawan Jai Bharat"
0 0 Happy Diwali To my Great Indian Soldiers.On this festival of lights,May the glow of joy,prosperity and happiness....Illuminate your days in the year ahead.JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN.
0 0 Happy diwali boss. You are our boss, as an end of state we never feel any casualities of firing, shels like north states. I appreciate your effort to save us fm all these casualities. I salute for your valuable service
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers A very Happy Diwali to all our Indian Army Soldiers who sacrifices their lives to guard nation.We are always with you and supporting you always.We are proud of you.A big salute to all of you.Thanx again for guarding  nation.Jai Hind Bharat Mata ki Jai.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all soldiers..... May God bless my all Brothers who sacrifice for our Mother India
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldires Happy Diwali to all soldiers. You all are our real heroes..
0 0 Dear soldier's and the whole defence force, wish you very happy Diwali. You all are our real hero's, we salute you, we are with you. You always make Diwali so special to every indian, and because of you peoples we celebrate. This time tensions rehigh at border, still you guys bravely dealing with situation. Our prayers and our wishes are with you and your famliy. Thank you for saving us. Jai hind, Vande Matram From: All Indians
0 0 first i want to wish every soldiers HAPPY DEEPAWALI . i will pray goddess laxmi and ganeshji both protct you as u guard us . thnq so much , only because of your sacrifices today we are celebrating our festivals without any fear...we are proud of u...may god bless u with witty power n wealth ...
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers - To the Heroes... We salute you... Thank u for your efforts and sacrifices... Wishing you a very Happy Diwali and a New Year... The whole Nation is with you... Thank you for our protection and safety...
0 0 #HAPPYDIWALI to our REAL HEROS. "BHARATH MATAKI JAI"
0 0 Happy Diwali to all army uncles and your family and kids. From Atharava (son of ANAND)
0 0 HAPPY DEEPAWALI TO ALL INDIAN SOLDIERS,we will be always grateful to you all ,for providing such a peaceful and safe everyday,mainly this Deepawali.You have sacrifice your all happiness for our saftey.Thanking you all from core of my heart.You are our real heroes. And thanks to Mr. N.Modi ji for providing/bring such facility to wish our heroes over the internet.
0 0 Dear soldiers, We never forget your sacrifice for us.Me and my family always talk about your sacrifice and your ability. And happy happy happy happy diwali.. Aap hai to ham Sab hai aap sabhi ke karan ham Sab yha diwali MNA pa rhe hai. Salute to all of you...
0 0 Happy Diwali to Our real Heros..you are the reason to celebrate festivals peacefully and with lots of joy...Jai Hind! #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 A Very Happy Diwali to all Soldier-Brothers!I pay you gratitude on behalf of my whole family for being savior of our motherland. we are proud of you.
2 0 Jai Hind A big salute and a very Happy Diwali to all our Soldiers from the Army,Navy and Air Force, Our real heros,you all are always in my Prayers,God bless u all always. Jai Hind
1 0 Happy diwali my soldiers thanks for save INDIA and also save mine home and all. (Piyush & Aayush)
2 0 A very happy deepawali to all our men and women in the forces. Entire nation is with you. Jai Hind
2 0 With gleam of Diyas and the Echo of the Chants.. May Happiness and Contentment Fill Your life... HAPPY DIWALI...and THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH for protection us..☺🙏
1 0 Happy Diwali to our respected soldiers.may maa kali bless u and give u all strength and happiness to serve our mother India and its glory..you all the real heroes for whom we live peacefully and we are very grateful to u.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the Brave Soldiers and their families. We have this proud that we are secure due to you. "Jai Hind"
0 0 We wish our soldiers and all para-military force men and their families a very happy and prosperous Deepawali. May God full fill all your aspirations. Aap hai to hum hain. sanjeev
0 0 Wish you very happy Diwali to the heroes of our country. Because of you we are safe. We salute your sacrifice. Jai hind #Sandesh2soldiers #IndianArmedForces
0 0 A man who sacrifice his life for protect mankind A man who is made of iron and with brave heart A man who never give up in any condition A man who always ready to give help They are true hero of country We salute our brave soldiers Happy Diwali to all soldiers and there family members  we always proud on you. We always with you in any condition and any where
0 0 i have no words to elobrate about indian army , me and my famly and my peopls and all the citizens of india are safe becos of indian army . i am thankless for ur wrk. bt i wish that . god bless u with full energy and streangth and i wish YOU ALL THE INDIAN ARMY SOILDERS A VERRY HAPPY DIWALI AND OUR FAMILY.
1 0 Dear Brothers and Sisters, the brave soldiers of India, I wish you all a very happy and prosperous new year. I take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude for your selfless service to the country. Jai Hind !
0 0 Happy Deepawali to all indian soldiers!God bless you and all in your family!jai hind#Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 happy Diwali to all my brave indian soldiers
0 0 Here we are celebrating diwali happily only becoz of u my brave soldiers I wish u prosperous and happy diwali to u and ur family
0 0 Happy Deepavali to brave sons/daughters of mother India. You are the best, will be best and special for us. Pls do continue the task we all with you.
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO INDIAN ARMY THANKS TO PROTECT ME AND MY FAMILY TO EVERY SINGLE DAY AND NIGHT WE LOVE U WE ALWAYS WITH U
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brave brothers ...Thank you for all your sacrifices...
1 0 I Wishing U Very Very Happy Diwali To My all Indian Army Brother's & Sister's You are Big Real Indian Hero....
0 0 check this link below.. http://jaisshreya.blogspot.in/2016/10/my-unsung-hero.html
1 0 Happy Deepawali to my real hero's Love you to all
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Dear Soldiers, Remember that the Indian Flag does not fly because the wind moves past it.The Indian Flag waves from the last breath of each soldier who have died protecting it. Indian soldiers don't fight because they hate what is in front of them.....they fight because they love what's behind them. Happy Diwali and thanks for serving the Nation. JAI HIND....
0 0 Happy diwali to our real heros
0 0 Happy Diwali real heros of country... We are celebrating all festivals without any fear and peacefully because of you... Thank you so much......
0 0 Hmare desh k sbhi soldiers ko meri trf se diwali ki hardik shubhkamnaye.....agr ap na ho border pr to hm ek second k lie bhi sukoon ki saans nhi le skte aap h to hm h ap nhi to hm bhi ni.....HAPPY DIWALI...JAI HIND...😇😇😇🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
0 0 HAPPY DEEPAWALI FOR OUR INDIAN ARMY.Because of you we all are living securely. you are leaving your family and sacrificing lives for our country. you are the real heroes of our nation. Without you we are not there. We will always be with you. Proud of our Indian army. SALUTE TO OUR ARMY. Proud to be an INDIAN.JAI HIND
0 0 #HAPPYDIWALI to our REAL HEROS. WE ARE WITH YOU.
0 0 While the whole nation celebrated the festival with their families/friends, our brave soldiers staying far away from their families were fighting today also against the wicked enemies at the border. I salute them and I pray for them and their families. Happy Deepavali to All!!! Let there be peace at border very soon!!!
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our real heroes.....jai hind
0 0 #Sandesh2soilders I salute	to my Soldier brothers . A very Happy Diwali To you and Thank you for always caring for us and protecting us. Without you we are nothing.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our real heroes.....jai hind
0 0 A big salute to brave heroes of Indian Army.We Indians are very proud of our defence forces & always stand behind you & your family.Wish you all a safe & happy diwali.May this festival of lights bring joy & prosperity to you all !! JAI JAWAN JAI HIND JAI BHARAT!!
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy deepawali with regards Jai Hind.
0 0 Wish you very very Happy diwali to Indian Army..
0 0 Happy diwali to the brave Indian army. May God bless their families with lots of love and happiness
0 0 Those Cowards across the border can not break Nor even bend the Spirit of our superheroes at the border...We stand beside you with the utmost pride and wish you a Lovely diwali #JaiHind #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 This Diwali. We salute our Indian Army.because they are the one who sacrifice their happiness for the sake of our country.This time we start doing some thing for our soliders.#Sandesh2Soliders
0 0 Wishing our soldiers very happy and  Safe Diwali. Im front of your sacrifice , we are nothing. We can't do anything for you but atleast we pray for your safe life so you can also enjoy with your family. May this diwali and new year brings happiness in your life. :) Jay Hind
0 0 A big Thank You to each and every soldier serving our Nation. You are doing something which i could never even imagine to do. Staying away from your loved one's. I revere you :-) #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister #MyGov #IndianArmedForces
0 0 A very happy diwali to all the Jawans who are away from their families at the festival time. I thank PM for giving us the opportunity to deliver our Gratitude and respect to the brave hearts and loved sons of Bharat Mata. The terrible death of our brothers shook me. Brothers, we await for your arrival to home. #jaihind
0 0 Today we are celebrating Diwali because of there great sacrifice...happy Diwali soldiers we never forget your sacrifice...jai Javan jai kisan...
0 0 Hi Brothers of India, I'm writing this note to thank each and everyone of you for protecting us and every member of your families for their bravery... #Sandesh to Soldier, I wish everyone a very happy Diwali and I pray to God to fulfill all your and your family members wishes. I thank our PM Shri Modi Saheb for providing us an opportunity to thank our brothers, the most lovable sons of India... who are fighting against every odd out at the boareder so we can have freedom and peace.
1 0 Happy Diwali to all my brothers who are striving hard day and night just to protect us.Happy Diwali to all my brothers who sacrificed immense just to keep smile on our face.Happy Diwali to all my brothers who cannot be with their family and celebrate festivals so that we can celebrate it with our family.Happy Diwali to all my brothers who risk their life just to keep us safe. I owe my life to my parents and you my brothers.I salute to you with 100%respect.I wish I could tell all these directly.
0 0 Happy Diwali to my super hero i salute for the work you guys are doing at  border..... love u my real superhero.... Happy Diwali to u and your family...
0 0 Happy diwali to the real heroes of our country.... Jai hind
0 0 I am at my home securely celebrating Dipabali with my family, since all are you there to protect us. Salute to all of you and happy Diwali to you and your families.
0 0 We are safe and celebrating Diwali because of you.Now it's our duty to wish you very happy Diwali. Salute to our Brave Indian Soldiers. Jai Hind!
0 0 salute to all army and there family . may god give him to strength to save us ......... happy diwali to her family
0 0 Ye Diwali Mere jawano ke liye, Heartly Happy Diwali Mere desh ke real hero's, dukh hota h ye sun kr ke kahi jawan shahid hue, Kya biti hongi unke family pe.. such me aag lagti hai dil me bhaiyo aap hai tho ham sub nahi tho kuch bhi nahi.. Mujhe fakra hai ke hamari Army Indian Army hai.. DIL SE JAI HIND, HAPPY DIWALI !!
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers we solute ur courage to serve the nation. We the youth join hand2hand to make our country proud in our fields also. Jai hind
0 0 Heartiest greetings to defence personnels and your families ,guarding the mother land on Eve of depawali. Thank you for keeping us safe!!
0 0 A Very Happy Diwali to all our Brave Jawans. We, the nation are so proud of you. The God is always with you because you are doing the God's work to destroy the evil. A Very Happy Diwali to you and your Families. God bless you. Jai Hind. 🇮🇳
0 0 Dear members of all 3 wings of defence. Irrespective of behaviour 4rm family members, a MOTHER forgets everything & takes care of d child. Thank u 4 always protecting us like MOTHER despite of lack of appreciation, shortcoming of resources, spending sleepless night, sacrificing ur personal likes & dislikes,feeding us wid ur share of food and happiness. Thanks 4 giving us warmth, unbaised love & affection. As every religion mentions that nobody is above or beneath MOTHER in dis world.Happy Diwali
0 0 great salute to army brothers& sisters! Far from home, family...to protect the country! No words to describe your sacrifice. Diwali shubhakankshalu!! Shatkot pranam for your sacrifice!
0 0 Happy Diwali to Real Hero. Jai Hind.
0 0 Happy diwali to my indian soldiers,wish you all the best, jai hind.
1 0 Everyone has its own destiny but my destiny is my great and brave soldiers.You are the present and you are the future. Ap hai to ye sab hai and ap hamari family hai so my celebration is only for you and only with you. WISHING YOU A VERY HAPPY AND PROPEROUS DIWALI.
0 0 Wishing you all our soldiers and their families a very happy diwali and thanks a lot for protecting us. Every Indians are proud of you. JAI HIND...
0 0 Happy Diwali to our entire Defence forces.  We are always aware that you are in the front. Because of you we are at the back.
0 0 I dont want to say thank u. Bcz i know its your duty n u love it, i just want 2 say "sab k liya dewali 1 din ka hay, hamare liya to har roj dewali hay"
0 0 Dear Military people, I heartily wish you all HAPPY DEEPAVALI. Because of you, we are safe here. Salute & Jai Hind
0 0 Respected Soldier's, Wish u all a happy diwali...
0 0 Happy Diwali to All our Brave Soldiers and Their Brave Families !, You're the True Heroes of the Nation ! Words can't explain how grateful and thankful we are here for your selfless service and for all the Sacrifices you make for the Nation. We all SALUTE you !. God Bless you !! Thank you so much !
0 0 Salute to Great Indian Armed forces for their hardships to save nation. Gratitude can't be expressed in words
0 0 First of all happy diwali to all soldiers we all are feeling very proud on your devotion towards safety of our bhartmata me apko btana chahti hu ki aap desh ke chand gaddaro ke virodh or shajisho ko mat dekhiye un logon ko dekhiye jo aapnki duty dekh aankho me ashu bhar lete h desh ki har maa diwali me aapko ghar me miss karti h dua karti h or is bar specially ham sab hindustani milkar aapka hoshlabhadyenge or dushmano se ladne ko takat denge jisse hamari bharat mata ka daman bacha rahe jai hind
0 0 A very Happy Deepawali to all our bravehearts!!
0 0 Dear soldiers!!Happy diwali to all. You all are the real heroes of indiaaa...aaap hai to hum hai! Grand salute (:
0 0 Happy Diwali from me and My family to #IndianArmedForses...Sorry becoz of me ..you are not celebrating Diwali with your family..But Big thank you for protecting us from enemies..
0 0 Thank you to all my soldier brother's and grand salute all of you.... U r doing unbelievable sacrifices..and Happy Diwali....jai Hind.
0 0 @HAPPY DIWALI@...TO every INDIAN BLOOD
1 0 Happy Diwali hero's,because of you guys we are enjoying our freedom and achieving goals,with out thinking that we are in a warfare.#Sandesh2Soldiers,#IndianArmedForces
0 0 Happy Diwali to all Defence personnel. I wish no soldier is ever martyred, because you have to live to kill the enemy. Hit them hard but protect yourself as well. JAI HIND
0 0 Happy Diwali to Our Soilders....jai hind jai bharat , vande mataram.....
1 0 We sincerely pay our homage to the brave soldiers who have given their supreme sacrifice for our safety and Mother Land. On this Diwali, we wish almighty to be with our brave soldiers who are defencing our borders. We salute you and pray for your safety. We would also like to praise our honourable Prime Minister for his strong and dynamic efforts towards our brave soldiers .
0 0 @HAPPY DIWALI@...TO every INDIAN BLOOD
0 0 Dear Armed personnel's, it is only Modi ji our beloved PM who has great concern and values for all the armed forced but for his vision and mission OROP would have not been implemented which was discontinued in 1973. Armed forced is the only Govt Institution which has most effective disciplined life style. Corruption is on the rock bottom and Modi ji has appreciated this fact. We are with you and our peaceful life is because of your sacrifices
0 0 Dear soldiers just to write HAPPY DIWALI looks a bit small for persons who keep us & our Motherland safe but words are words & cant express the feelings. So a big Happy Deepawali once again.
0 0 Miles away from their homes ,guarding our nation 365 days so that we can live peacefully. I salute to their families and sacrifices . Happy Diwali mere bhaiyo
0 0 A very happy Diwali to all my brave soliders. We salute your spirit and we promise you that we are always there with you for your support. Its only because of you that we can celebrate diwali at our homes. You are the true hero of everyone's life. And we salute your bravery.
0 0 Happy Diwali to the real heroes of our country!! Thank you for everything
0 0 Wishing a great Happy Diwali to all our soldiers... We wish our IAF become the world biggest force...
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our brave soldiers..Salute for your work and good wishes for the diwali.You all  protect us without caring about ur lives, u all leave ur family because of us...It'really very difficult....May God always protect u all and give u and ur families lots of happiness...Again Happy Diwali to All!!!!!!!
0 0 My dear soldiers we can live peaceful life because of your sacrifice. I respect you from my soul. You are GREAT.
0 0 happy Diwali to all my brave indian soldiers... we are alive and celebrating this occasion just because of you all my brave soldiers ...... may god bless you , your family and all your dear ones with lots of happiness and success... THNKU SOOO MUCH!!! once again HAPPY DIWALI!!! STAYSAFE!!! VANDE MATARAM!! BHARAT MATA KI JAI!!!
0 0 My Heartful Diwali wishes to our bravery Soldiers.This brightness on my faces only because of you.you are soul's of indian people. "jai jawan" "jai bharat"
0 0 Respected Soldiers, I, forever, be grateful for your service to our country. Thank you to all for your selfless work and to all your families for the sacrifices they make. Keep fighting! Keep winning! Our best wishes and prayers are always with you. JaiHind!! #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 WE SALUTE THE INDIAN SOLDIERS AND WISH THEM HAPPY DIWALI
0 0 This msg is for all the brave jawans who were,are and will be fighting the enemies on the border ,away from their families.Your sacrifice cannot be thanked in words.Without ur support,we couldn't celebrate our festivals so safely.THANK YOU SO MUCH for ur sacrifice.We will always be indebted to u all.infact this msg is also extended to the police and all the soldiers on duty away frm their familes.We love u. #Sandesh2soldiers #HappyDiwali
0 0 respected jawans i wish that gun should have been in your hand but i should have been covering you from the front for thatwould have been a real diwali pleasure . jai hind love you
0 0 In the midst of Festival of Lights, I salute for your courage, sacrifice and valour. I am proud of you. Best wishes on Deepavali to all my soldiers. JAI HIND.
0 0 We are ever indebted to you for your sacrifices and can never pay them back. However, we can also do our duty towards you by acting like a "solider without uniform" and making Indian strong internally. It means paying our taxes, not indulging in corruption etc. Indian being financial strong will be able to provide you better equipments to fight our common battle. May light of Dewali bring prosperity and strength to every true Indian soldier. Our thoughts and wishes are with you, always.
0 0 Heartfelt  Deepawali wishes and grateful salute for those valiant forces who are worrying themselves to make us free from worries ,  who are ready to sacrifice their lives to make our national lives safe and secure. On this auspicious  occasion of lights I convey all good  wishes for enlightened prosperity of those brethren  and their families .
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the soldiers guarding our borders and keeping us safe and sound..A big Thank You to all of you for your service to this great nation..Jai Hind..:)
0 0 Happy Diwali to all
0 0 IT'S MY PRIVILEGE AND HONOUR TO WISH THE HAPPY DEEPAWALI TO OUR BELOVED SOLDIERS AND HIS FAMILY, AND THANKS TO THE PRIME MINISTER SHRI NARENDRA MODI TO TAKE THE INITIATIVE. MAY THIS LIGHT HAPPINESS, BRING SUCCESS IN YOUR HARD WORK AND SMART WORK. MAY THIS DIWALI,BRINGS YOU THE SPARKLING SUCCESS IN YOUR LIFE. THIS DIWALI BECOMES GOLDEN DIWALI OF YOUR LIFE. THE BLESSINGS OF YOUR ALL WELL WISHERS MAY FILL UP YOUR HEART WITH JOY AND HAPPINESS. WISH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY HAPPY DIWALI.
0 0 Because of you we able to spend good times with our loved ones. Wishing you and your loved ones A Very Happy Diwali !!! Jai Hind !!!
0 0 Happy diwali to all soldiers....we alwys be along with uu at any moment of our lifetime.
0 0 on the occassion of Depawali i wish all my best wishes to my soilders brothers
0 0 Bhartiya veer sainikon ki kurbaniyon ko naman krne ke liye Me shapath leta hu: -- Har roj ki prarthana me apno ki khushamadi se pehle bhartiya veer jawano ki safalta or suraksha ki kamna kruga. --Me apne as pas rehne wale bhartiya veer sainikon ke parivron ki har sambhav madad krne ke liye tatpar rahuga. --Me apne sampark me ane wale har bhartiya sainik ke santan ke shiksha me har prakar se madad krunga. --Deepawali pe kam se kam ek sainik parivar ko apni khushiyon me jarur shamil kruga.
0 0 Happy Diwali from the deep corner of my heart to my Indian Soldiers.....
0 0 Happy Diwali to The Real Heroes of INDIA....Thank You saving us from the Intruders.......
0 0 Grand Salute to all our soldiers.we are here because of you.Happy Diwali to all of you.jay hind.....
0 0 You are our lights. Happy Diwali.
0 0 A great salute to all  my indian shoulders and great wishes to you and all your family  jai hind
0 0 Bharat maa ki raksha ke liye sabhi sainiko ko mera shat shat pranam aur happy diwali.
0 0 My Dear, Every INDIAN soldier who are protecting us for many years to leave a peaceful life. Wishing every protector a HAPPY DIWALI. Without you we are nothing....Thank you very much..
0 0 Happy Deepavali to our heroes at the borders. We will be forever grateful that you'll give us the life that we live everyday, making us feel secure and safe. Jai Hind!
0 0 Happy diwali to my real INDIAN SUPER HEROS (INDIAN MILITARY AND PARAMILITARY)
0 0 A very very Happy Dipawali to all of my GREAT BRAVE SOLDIERS. You all are real INSPIRATION for all INDIAN CITIZENS to reach their goals and every heights. JAI HIND.
0 0 Wish you all a very Happy Diwali and we stand by you and with our beloved PM. We Thank you for everything you have done for our country and we are proud of you all. With best wishes. Prasad and family
0 0 Diwali is festival of happiness...!!! but our happiness is due to INDIAN ARMY who scarified their life for the happiness of others...On this diwali I wish all the soldiers &their family...HAPPY DIWALI..!! #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 On the occasion of Diwali I wish all Soldiers and security forces who protect us from our enemies and also come to our help at the time of natural calalmities a very happy Diwali. Many of you are away from your families and friends but we all stand by your families and wish them all the happiness and prosperity on this occasion. You all are our real hero and will always remain so....Jai Hind
0 0 Wish you happy and prosperous Diwali to the real hero of our country
0 0 today as indian people celebrating diwali in a great manner one of the main reason is due to protection&sacrifices led by indian army.we all gratitude towards our indian army.happy diwali to all jawaans....
0 0 WE SALUTE THE INDIAN SOLDIERS AND WISH THEM HAPPY DIWALI
0 0 Esteemed service personnel, DIWALI GREETINGS. Blessed are those who chose to protect the Motherland, fellow citizens without ever thinking of lives of your own, your dear ones or reciprocation. We sleep happily, without ever thinking of your sacrifices, to get up for another wonderful tomorrow. The least we can do is to express our gratitude towards you. I am aware language fails to express our feelings. Please read my feelings through your heart. Let the glory be yours
0 0 Very happy Diwali to our inspirations who protect us 24 X 7 ...i don't think that your sacrifices and courage could be expressed in words...I just want to say ...we are always with u and we salute u...
0 0 I don't have words to explain my feelings. It's always a moment of pride and honour for me to realize that i was also a part of the INDIAN ARMED FORCES. Every hour every second u protect us and don't expect anything in return but respect. But as a nation we hv failed to do that at some occasions but still u didn't forgot your duty. Thank u so much for always being there for us. It's because of u that we r celebrating this auspicious festival. Happy Diwali to all the soldiers of this holy mother.
0 0 Happy diwali to all our brave soldiers .we can celebrate diwali happily without any fear, only because of you . A great thanks to all the soldiers.
0 0 Because of your 24 by 7 alertness we feel safe at home and can take a good night's sleep, can celebrate all Festivals joyfully with our family while you all are facing hardships,fighting and sacrificing your lives for country. You all are  family! We wish you all a Happy Diwali and feel proud to be Indian!! Jai Hind!
0 0 Happy Diwali to our real hero's... We are sleeping safe because of your dedication and commitment.. We salute you for all you bravery... We pray god to make you peace and strengthen your thoughts... Jai Hind...
0 0 Wishing you all and your families hearty good wishes. With love and highest regards...  from me and my family and behalf of the Nation :) _/\_ #PrimeMinister, #IndianArmedForces, #ManoharParikar
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers- Happy diwali 2 our national herozzz...
0 0 Thanks to all dear soldiers, because of you we all are safe.. happy Diwali!
0 0 Thank you so much for your service to our nation and wish you a very happy deepavali Jai HIND
0 0 I salute to our soldiers... They gives their lives to save our lives . They are  hosting  our indian national flag and giving defeat to our enimies We the people  of india are with you.... ONCE AGAIN I SALUTE YOU FROM BOTTOM OF HEART...
0 0 A very happy Diwali to all my brothers there we all are lucky to have you all as guardians of our nation may luck be always on your side, you and your family stay blessed and be happy forever
0 0 Its been an honour to be a citizen of this country. Yes I am proud that our Army & all our Defence Personal is there for our safety. Happy Diwali to you my Solders out there. & it is true that "For ours Tomorrow They have given there TODAY" Love you my ArmyMen. #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali soldiers... we the Indians..... all are with u..... for anything and everything..!!
0 0 First of all_ I wish all my soldiers a happy and prosperous Diwali bcoz they are guarding our frontier.i salute to the courage of Indian soldiers who sacrificed their life for the country.i expressed deep condolences to the family of martyred soldiers.As this festival is celebrated for the victorious return of Lord Rama.In the same way our soldiers will be victorious in every move of the enemy.i also praise honourable prime minister narendra modi for this initiative. Jai Hind.
0 0 Happy Diwali to All our Brave Soldiers and Their Brave Families !, You're the True Heroes of the Nation ! Words can't explain how grateful and thankful we're for your selfless service and for all the Sacrifices you make for the Nation. We all SALUTE you !. God Bless you !! Thank you so much !!!
0 0 Happy Diwali to Our Brave Soilders.....
0 0 Tum ho to Diwali hai humari Roshan, Tumse hi zindgi ka khubsoorat hai har chann. Salamat rahkey hamesha khuda aapko, Har pal mannatey yehi maanagey  Mera Mann. Wish the real heros and there family a very happy n prosperous Diwali.#Sandesh2Soilders#RealHeros#Salute#Respect
0 0 we are very proud of our brave soldiers who always protect us and tried to give us the best enviriment for living despite living in extreme weather conditions. I along with my family wish our soldiers a very happy DIWALI. JAI HIND JAI BHARAT
0 0 Thank you for your service and sacrifice . happy diwali to you all
0 0 We sit at home and celebrate Deepavali while you guard the borders of India. We rejoice at the sound of crackers while you are alert to the sound of bullets from across the border. It is because of you that we celebrate and enjoy the festival. We are proud of each and every soldier and wish you all a Happy and Colourful Deepavali.
0 0 My heartiest best wishes to the Armed Soldiers and their Family members a very happy and prosperous Diwali 2016. We have great values to your service to the nation in protecting the frontiers. We have a safe sleep because you keep yourself awake in the tough time 24X7 all along the year, be it raining, snow fall of hot weather in deserts. We have full faith in Modi ji our PM who will take care of U and UR family in tough times.All the best and kill Pak at will.
0 0 happy Diwali to all my dear brothers....we all are with you...Jai hind
0 0 "Time and world do not stand still , change is the law of nature and those who look for the past or present will certainly miss the future" JAI HIND.....
0 0 You all are out there away from home on this auspicious festival. We salute to your spirit towards your duty. May God shower all kind of happiness for you and your family. Happy Diwali:)
0 0 Wish to All of you Happy Diwali.
0 0 Sabhi Bhartiye Jawano ko Diwali ki dher sari subhkamnaye. We all are with you.
0 0 Hats off to the guards of the nation!Lucky are you to live a life worth! Lucky are the citizens of India who light a lamp trusting your dedication! Whatever be the celebration, you are definitely celebrating through the crores of Indians who have an enlightenment through you everyday! !! Jai Hind, Jai Bharat ki sena!
0 0 very happy dipawali to all soldiers of INDIAN ARMY,INDIAN AIR FORCE ,INDIAN NAVY,BSF, ITBP,CISF, we mutch proud of you .we have our lifes because of you the brave ones.
1 0 We have already started telling stories to our children about your bravery, courage,sacrifices, its only because of you dear soldiers we live a peaceful life...may god bless u with long life n happiness...we are so proud of u..salute..stay blessed.. Jai Hind.
2 0 You people are the bravest soul on planet.India salutes u "Wish you HAPPY DIWALI" Take care of yourself.We pray for you.Each and every Indian is with you.
0 0 Wishing you all and your families hearty good wishes. With love and highest regards...  from me and my family and behalf of the Nation :) _/\_
0 0 Every INDIAN soldier who are protecting us for many years to leave a peaceful life. Wishing every protector a HAPPY DIWALI.With out you we are nothing....Thank you very much...
0 0 Happy Diwali to our saviours....we would like to thank you guys from the bottom of our hearts!
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL OUR SOLDIERS.
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers- Happy Deepavali to you and your family. Your /our mother (Bharat Ma) will be definitely proud to know the braveness & courage being shown to protect our country borders. Many thanks to our Prime Minister Narendra Modiji for giving me this opportunity. Jai Hind.
1 0 Wish every soldier and citizen and their families a very happy and safe Deepavali!
0 0 We wish you all a very warm diwali with our hearty salute...😊☺ We are very proud of you all , our beloved soldiers..😊
0 0 Tiger Martial Arts Academy family wish our soldier 'A very happy & prosperous DIWALI' Godess Laxmi & Lord Ganesha will fulfill all the happiness in your life & will give all the achivments to all of you. Vande Matram Jai Jawan
0 0 Happy diwali to all our indian soldiers. I wish u had great year and great diwali bhagwan aapko bhaut lambi umar de. Or aap khush rahe hamesa . Sirf salute aap logo ke liye kam hai aapka balidaan hum bhula ni sakte. Thank u sir aap logo ki wajah se hum safely rahte hai . Happy diwali once again
0 0 A Very Happy Diwali to All my Soldier Brothers...Hats off to ur BREVERY...Tum ho to Hum hain...
0 0 Thanks and Grateful to all soldiers for the hard devotion in protecting our Nation , We are enjoying and living Fearless life with your support . Feeling proud for the sacrifice of your Family members. God is always in you . Our heartiest wishes on the festival are full of love, gratitude, proud and thanks.Salute for protecting our Nation
0 0 Thanks for being there for us, so we can celebrate festivals without any fear. Wish you all a very safe and happy Deepawali.
0 0 To you my dear brother I send my heart felt good wishes on this Diwali. You are the reason I am celebrating this day. I wish you many hundreds of Diwalis full of happiness, prosperity and good health. Thank you for being with me. Yours Hanny Gandhi
0 0 May kindness and peace prevail this diwali everywhere.Happy Diwali to our brave soldiers and their families #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 MY BIG SALUTE TO INDIAN SOLDIER AND ALL DEFENCE PERSONAL.ALSO HAPPY DIWALI......TO ALL.
0 0 Pyare senik bhaiyo aap sabhi ko deepawali ki bahut saari subhkamnaaye or dher saara pyar... Bhagwan aapko or aapke pariwar ko hmesha surakshit rkhe,sukhi rhkhe,swasth rkhe or har mod praapko vijay mile...aapki vjah se hum sbhi surakshit hai...sabhi deshwasi aapko bahut pyar krte h or bahut samman krte h or har mod pr aapke sath hai...#salute indian army,#jai hind...#happy deepawali...#love you indian army...
0 0 Dear Indian soldiers, Thanking you for protecting the country is not enough; each Indian who respects you must take the following pledge: 1) We will keep making India stronger and better so that you can also be proud of us when you return home, 2) In case you get martyred while doing the duty, we should encourage our kith and kin to draw inspiration from you and join armed forces of the country. Also, we must make it sure that your social responsibilities are taken care by us in your absence.
0 0 To This Diwali is dedicated to ARMY ,NAVY and AIRFORCE.We Salute you and your family for the sacrifice you make & make us safe Wish you Avery Happy Diwali JAI Hind
0 0 We salute our brave soldiers....happy DIWALI #IndianArmedForces #PrimeMinister
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brave soldiers. Nation will vanish without a soldier at border, Diwali will diminish without challenging enemy at border, we sleep because soldier is awake at border and for everything i salute them at border.
0 0 happy diwali to our indian brave soldiers... we all r proud of u...jay hind!!
0 0 Happy Diwali dear soldiers. My 6 year old son's message for you. You all are nice people. Thank you for protecting us.He wants to help you all fight Pak by joining army whenever he can 😀....jai hind. Jai jawan
0 0 Heartly salute to all of our Indian army Soldiers, we r proud of you. Wish you a very Happy Diwali.Warm Regards, Omprakash Daga, Vice President, Maharashtra Cotton Ginners Association
0 0 I pray for all sons of Mother India good health, courage and safety. Wishing you and your families,elders a very HAPPY and PROSPEROUS DIWALI.
0 0 Wishing Happy Diwali to all my real INDIAN HEROES ...I always satute you...
0 0 Happy diwali to all our soldiers our real heroes ☺😊 Jai hind 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
0 0 Happy Diwali and a big salute to all the valiant jawans. Because you refrain from celebrating Diwali, lights shine peacefully in our homes. No word would ever match for your commitment and sacrifice. Words are not enough to express our gratitude to you. We wish a hearty Diwali to your families too. Thank you....
0 0 We the Thakur family from Jammu salute our security forces who are the real heroes of our nation, who always remain alert and even sacrifice their life for the nation while fighting bravely with enemy for the security of the nation.We are proud of our indian security forces as such we are always with you in grief as well as in happiness and even join hands whenever our service is needed. HAPPY DIWALI.... BE SAFE.... JAI HIND
0 0 Happy Diwali to our soldiers and I will salut you
0 0 Whenever you see a jawaan, salute them. We get to celebrate festivals & live in peace because of them. Jai Hind #Sandesh2Soldiers Friends not only like  comments on soldiers but also post on your social media page. #sandesh2soldiers is a medium to reach out the soldiers to tell that WE, the people of INDIA, are always with them, an innovative initiation of Government of India.
0 0 happy diwwali to all my army brother
0 0 Proud of our army.. we can celebrate diwali only because you are there safeguarding our boundaries.. no amount of gratitude can meet the sacrifices you give. Thank you once again and wishing u and ur family a very happy and prosperous diwali..
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our brave soldiers....and thanku for every that you heroes do for us..... again happy Diwali to all of you... Jai Hind
0 0 Thank you brave soldiers. You are the real heroes of the nation. We are fearless only because you are protecting India.
0 0 Happy Diwali to brave soldiers.  We are safe here because you all struggling at borders 24x7.
0 0 We are celebrating any festival here is only because of your brave and fearless and endless fighting #Sandesh2Soldiers, #MannKiBaat, #PrimeMinister, #IndianArmedForces, #MyGov
0 0 All that I wish for you during this Festival of Lights is D: Dazzling Lights I: Immense Joy W: Windfall A: Abundant Peace L: Lavish Festivities I: Illustrious Life :)
0 0 We love you and you are the pillar of my nation, happy diwali to u n your family, just give a shout and we will always be ready to help you  & that can be anything to look after your family. We will be always support your family as you are supporting and gaurding our borders. And also today my family will not fire crackers as today few martyr lost lives guarding us :(
0 0 sabhi Indian soldiers ko aur unke family ko salam. HAPPY DIWALI. JAI HIND
0 0 Dear all our Brothers & Sisters of our Defense Forces,  wish you & your family a very Shubh Deepawali.
0 0 I WISH HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL INDIAN SOLDIERS..! wow its Diwali.. Indias biggest festival.. we all civilians are enjoying here and you all are away from your families so that we can celebrate each day of our life safely. We all are proud of you..!! I just want to thank you.. thank you for being there for our country... thank you for making us say we are proud of our army..thank you for helping our country to take steps towards being asuperpower..May you all live a long healthy and prosperous life
0 0 Happy Diwali to all india  soilders
0 0 Because of you we get to celebrate the festivals..a gr8 salute to ol ua sacrifices,brabery n passion..words are nt enough to xpress our gratitude..bt still thankyou the real superheroes..wish u n ua family a happu diwali...#sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 While we are celebrating diwali, you are guarding the borders and protecting us. You lay your lives for us and in return we promise you to remember you in our prayers. I wish you a very happy and safe diwali. THE NATION STANDS WITH YOU. WE BELIEVE IN YOU. Jai Hind🇮🇳
0 0 Our soldiers are valliantly performing their duties despite all hardships and one of the toughest working conditions in the world. I salute them because it is because of our soldiers that our country is safe and secure. All other citizens need to learn a lesson from them and inculcate the qualities depicted by soldiers who put the country before self. I wish happy Diwali to all our soldiers and their proud families.
0 0 NAMASTE. ALL MY WISHES AND THANKS TO THE REAL HEROES OF OUR COUNTRY. JAI HIND
0 0 A very prosperous and happy diwali to all my brave soldiers and their family.
0 0 Happy diwali chhath to all my brave soldiers
0 0 We feel safe, "Bollywood" acters and "Poltician" do his job bcoz you are present on border. You are the real hero of our great country. You do his job with patriotism. You are the lion HAPPY DIWALI to  lion of our country.
0 0 Wishing a Very Happy Diwali to all the brave soldiers of Indian Army. Jai Hind
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the Jawans who are not celebrating diwali with their families but struggling for our security. A very secure,happy and prosperous diwali to all the soldiers and their families. I wish your hardwork works and we win all the strikes against any country and do the best to maintain friendship with other countries. May god help you in all situations and almighty protects you and your family is always happy and proud for getting their relatives in army. Happy Diwali !!! BeSafe
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our real heroes and whole Nation Proud of you.....
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers - Happy Diwali
0 0 we are proud of our brave soldiers who always protect us and tried to give us the best enviroment for living despite living in extreme weather conditions just for our safety.Ialong with my family wish a very happy Diwali to all our soldiers. JAI HIND JAI BHARAT
0 0 Happy diwali to every soldier of our indian army. aap vahan hai isiliye ham yahan diwali mna paa re hai. Thank you so much...... JAI HIND
0 0 Happy Diwali to you and your family We salute you from bottom of our heart We love you and we always be with you and support you Jai hind jai bharat
0 0 Happy Diwali
0 0 Wishing you a happy and safe Diwali to our brave Soldiers and their families. JAI HIND.
0 0 I salute to all of you our Grate Indian Soldiers ......and A very very happy Diwali   jai hind Sir..
0 0 Happy Diwali to my Real Hero Indian soldiers..I proud of you..Hum sab tumhare sath hai..Jai  Hind..Vande Mataram..#sandesh2soldiers..
0 0 My Salute to Brave humans for dedication,devotion,honesty and humanity saviour with strong will power,God bless all for the duties given by them.May millions of lamps illuminate your life with endless joy,prosperity .....wishing you and your family a very Happy Diwali .....
0 0 Wishing all the soldiers and their families a happy deepavali... Thank u for ur sacrifices for our country...May god always bless u and ur families... Always proud of the Indian Army....With lot of respect.... Jai Hind...
0 0 The 1st line i want to say is that.   Proud to be an indian.....my father ... Bokte hain ki agar desh se pyar na ho yo insaniyat se kya pyar karoge.... And i flow that aaj bhi jab jana gana man sunta hun to rong rong khade ho jate hain.... And bebecause of u  ham sab  safely ghar me dipawali bana rahe. Hain......... Happy dipawali my indian heroes .... Love u aalllll heroes of our life..... Jhan koi ghus na ho india me hai wo bas indian diff hai ... Lv to have u love indian army navy air force
0 0 Happy diwali... Jai hind.
0 0 Happy Diwali... Thanks for making us feel safe so that we could celebrate.. Thanks for teaching us that selfless deeds do exist
0 0 I salute to all of you our Grate Indian Soldiers. You all our Real Heroes. I wish you a very very happy diwali........... Jai Hind
0 0 On this Diwali I salute my soldier brothers & sisters. Because of your valor and dedication to duty we are able to celebrate festivals in peace. CK Chandrasekharan
0 0 Bharat Mata ki Vir putron. Aap sabko koti koti pranam.Dhanya hai wo maa jo apko janm diye hain. Unko bhi main pranam karta hun.Aap hi ho hum sabka super heroes. Jai Hind. Bande Mataram.Jai Jawan,Jai kissan.
0 0 Wishing Very- Very Happy Diwali to all our brave soldiers and security forces. We are celebrating Diwali because of you all. We are proud of you all. दीपावली की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएं.... Jai Hind #Sandesh2Solders, #IndianArmedForse
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO OUR INDIAN SOLDIERS, WE SALUTE JAI HIND
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brothers guarding our mother nation day and night. We all are with you.
0 0 Happy Diwali to our all brave soilder
0 0 my dear brothers & sisters who sacrifice there life to saving our country & those are give there duty wishing them a very  happy Diwali .JAY HIND
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers A very Happy Diwali to the real life superheroes who give us a chance to celebrate life everyday..
1 0 I salute to our soldiers for their indispensable sacrifice to our nation. I wish all security personnel a very HAPPY DIWALI and expressing my complete solidarity towards them. JAI HIND!!!
0 0 Happy Diwali to all of our soldiers.
0 0 Happy Diwali to you and your family........we salute you from bottom of our heart....... we are always with you........ you are the real super heros of our country....... may God bless you and your family......😊🎉🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
0 0 Wishing a very delightful and khusiyon bhari Diwali to everyone and every soldiers.You r there so we r staying peacefully.Hats off to all our Jawans and I salute them wholeheartedly.
0 0 happy diwali beloved soldiers... :)
0 0 we wish you and your family a diwali full of peace happiness and prosperity we exist because of you love you jai hind
0 0 Wishing a very-2 happy diwali....to our soldiers!!!!it's all becoz of you that we are feeling safe and spending a peacful life at our homes....jai hind-jai bharat
0 0 A “Salute” is just a single word but the feelings in it is even more than 1000’s lines! My warm diwali wishes to every soldier of India.
0 0 Thanks alot our dearest and beloved soldier, because of you only our Nation is safe and we all live in peace just because of you..... THANKS ALOT........ Wish you have a very happy and prosperous Diwali.....
0 0 Dear brave soldiers, a very Happy Diwali to all of you. Our Diwali is Happy & Prosperous bcause of you.You are miles away from your family.Without any festival leave,it's Just Another Day of your duty.But you never complain about it. There are disheartening news that our brave soldiers have sacrificed their precious lives.May their souls rest in peace. All Indians will always be in your debt. Having you we feel safe like snail in its shell.Our Love&Prayers are with you. Stay Safe & Blessed.
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian Soldiers , U are there for us and we are here for You Jai Hind #Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForce :) :D
0 0 We all feel very happy on the Deepavali as it is festival of Lights. But the Diyas we are lighting are because of our Soldiers. We are being protected by our Jawans around the clock. They take all the pain and make sacrifice by staying away from their families to make our family safe and happy all the time. This Deepavali and each and every happy moments spent by us are your blessings upon us. Thank you to Army , Air force and Navy for making us lead a happy and safe life.#Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Wishing all our brave and truthful soldiers and their family a prosperous and happy diwali from me and my family. Jai jawan vandeemaatharam
0 0 I would always be short of words to show my gratitude / thanks to our soldiers for their sacrifice and selfless service towards nation. I thank them from bottom of my heart and wish them and their families a very happy diwali!!! May this festival bring happiness and glory for all of us! #Salute #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy diwali to all the soldiers... Jai hind
1 0 Jai Hind! I have made this video for #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy diwali to all soldiers & your family… We respect you a lot…  Thank you for always protecting us from our enemies and keeping us safe…. Wish you happy Diwali for you and your family….
1 0 Jai Hind! I have made this video for #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 WE WISH OUR SEPERHEROES OF SUPERPOWER-INDIA A VERY HAPPY DEEPAWALI
0 0 bahut bahut dhanyavad indian soldiers.... wish you happy diwali and your family..........
0 0 Jai Hind! Mere desh ke Veer jawano ko Dipawali ki Hardik shubhkamnaye. Aj ke  selfish world me aap log bina kisi swarth k aur bina kisi self interest k hum logo ki dushmano se rakhsha krte ho. Jb koi mera fauji bhai shahid hota h to mere ankho me aanshu aa jate h aap log hum sb k liye kitni deciplin life jeeto ho kitne dukh uthate ho ..Mujhe aap sb per aapke pariwar pe bahut garv h .. ..aur jaroorat padi to desh k liye aur apke liye main apna yogdan dena chahunga . Bharat Mata ki jai !!!!!
0 0 all our gratitude and wishes in 9 letters...we love you #sandesh2soldiers #mannkibaat
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali to all my soldier brothers. Hats off to your bravery and sacrifice. Jai Jawan Jai Hind.
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali To Indian Armed Forces. We are  able to celebrate festivals jst because u protect us and guard our territory 24*7. Thank u for all u have done for us..I Salute u all for all d sacrifices u hv done for us
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali To Indian Armed Forces. We are  able to celebrate festivals jst because u protect us and guard our territory 24*7. Thank u for all u have done for us..I Salute u all for all d sacrifices u hv done for us
0 0 Pranams to my brothers, Wish you all a very Happy Diwali. Though you might miss your family, kith and kin for the sake of the country, we have you in our hearts, you are all with us. May the almighty shower grace upon you and your family on this occasion. We thank you for the sacrifice you all make for our sake. May Truth prevail and may Truth triumph.
0 0 Happy Diwali to you and your family.It is because of you all that we feel safe and secure.We will always support you for all your service that you have done not only for one person but for all the people that are Indians.Jai Hind! Vande Mataram!
0 0 Happy Deepawali to great sons of the great Mother India
0 0 Happy Diwali to our soldiers and their families for keeping us safe and secure .......
0 0 Happy Diwali.
0 0 We wish a Very HAPPY DIWALI to all our brave soldiers. We salute you #Sandesh@Soldiers #Proud
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO INDIAN ARMY SOLDIERS, I KNOW U WON'T GO TO CELEBRATE 🎉 THIS DIWALI WITH U R FAMILIES DUE THE BAD CONDITION  AT LOC, BUT I'M HERE CELEBRATING THIS DIWALI ON BEHALF OF U PEOPLE RIGHT THERE SECURING OUR COUNTRY.HATSSOFF TO UR BRAVENESS AND COURAGE. WITH LOVE INDIAN CITIZEN JAIHIND THOKDEYNAA SALO KOO.
0 0 #Sandesh2soldiers Jai Hind
0 0 To my brothers and sisters, It has been our priviledge to have all of you guarding us at the border. While we celebrate this Diwali with our family at home, you are toiling hard at the border to prevent our enemies harm our motherland. Although you cannot be with your loved ones this diwali, take heart in the fact that we are praying for you and your family. I wish you a very happy and safe diwali. We are proud of you, our brothers and sisters. Finally, i would like praise PM Modi for this init
0 0 We Celebrate Depawali  as our beloved soldiers are defending our nation . In this festival lights we feel to be with them for the joy and strength . As for the victorious return of  lard Rama we celebrate this festival , your every act be victorious to fight against our enemies.  Dear ones ,  Very Happy and Joyful Depawali. Dr Anjan K. Kalia & Family Dharmshala ( H.P.)
0 0 Happy Diwali
0 0 Dear Jawans, We are proud of you and thank you very much for protecting our nation. We are with you. Thanks Arun Magare & Pushpa Magare Mumbai
0 0 Happy Diwali to the real heroes of the nation :) We all respect and salute your sacrifice.
0 0 Hello Indian Army, Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard Just wanted you to know how lucky we are to have you guys in this nation. Your contribution is humongous compared to anybody else. You are the sole reason why we lay our body in couches and watch TV in comfort. Jai Hind to all you bravehearts and wish you guys a Happy and Prosperous Diwali. Also, salute your family to back you up to contribute to this divine cause. Bedzy
0 0 You stand there so that we can sit here, You wake there so that we can sleep here, You die there so that we can live here, Our beloved soldiers we value your SACRIFICES, We are on our part no behind in our bit here, To  pray for you from the core of our HEARTS  here.. Jai Hind Hail INDIAN ARMY Hail Martyrs 👍
0 0 Happy Deepawali to all #IndianArmedForces and their families. We pledge on this occasion of Deepawali that to make our country bright and developed ,we will work whole heartedly and soulfully,same as you all, who protect us and our country with full honesty, hard-work and dedication.Thank You All :)
1 0 I thanks Indian Soldiers for always protecting us from our enemies and keeping us safe. I wishing the best for you,Happy Diwali to our brave soldiers!! #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Dear Soldier, Happy Diwali! We are able to celebrate this festival only because you have been protecting us all the time. You must be missing your family and even they will be missing you. But you will always remain in our hearts :)
1 0 happy diwali, to all my heros.... thanks for being there for us.. you people will always be in our hearts,..jay hind
0 0 Dear soldiers Aap log Jo bhi sacrifices country k liye kar rahe hai us k liye lifetime thank u bola jaye toh bhi Kam hoga.We love and care about you.Our thoughts and prayers are always and always with you.Wish you and ur family a very happy Diwali.Jai hind
0 0 A very happy Diwali to our heroes and their families. You inspire us to become a better person. Thank you is too small a word to express gratitude. I pray that you all come back safe and victorious. Jai Hind! We love you :)
1 0 my country's respected soldiers jai hind and happy diwali to you all and your faimly
0 0 wish you and your family happy dewali and prosperous new year. from TNC SRINIVASAN MILITARY ENGINEERING SERVICE.
0 0 Words cant describe your efforts so happy diwali to you all and big big thanks to you and your are family for raising sons and daughters like you ! I hope you stay safe and all the best to you and your families ! And whole of the country is behind you ! Thanks a ton !
0 0 Happy divali to soldiers & ur family...
0 0 I WISH OUR BRAVE SOLDIERS A VERY HAPPY, VICTORIOUS AND PROSPEROUS DIWALI. FEELING EXTREMELY PROUD TO BE ABLE TO SEND MY WISHES TO YOU ALL.
0 0 I salute army Jawans and their family for their sacrifice for our country. I wish them and their family happy Diwali for a year's to come.
1 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali to all our brave soldiers!
0 0 A very Happy Diwali and a prosperous New Year to you all and your proud families :-) . It is my pleasure to get a chance to wish you all. May god bless you with all your happiness. #Sandesh2Soldiers, #MannKiBaat, #PrimeMinister, #IndianArmedForces, #MyGov
0 0 A very very happy Diwali and prosperous new year to all brave soldiers of this beautiful country.Thank you all of you for protecting us 24×7.
0 0 Happy Diwali brothers  we celebrate for you,  because of you and will always be there for you like you have been there for us
0 0 I salute to all of you our Grate Indian Soldiers. You all our Real Heroes. I wish you a very very happy diwali........... Jai Hind
0 0 Thank you so much our javans For doing your best duties to nation. Thank you so much again to give us fearless life. Have a happy Diwali n New year. And wishes to you and your family be blessed alwaya by god in coming new year. Thank you so much once again.
0 0 Thank you Soldiers for our daily sleep as you all are protecting us day & night. May God showers His choicest blessings on all of you...  Happy Diwali to each of you and your family members... #Sandesh2Soldiers, #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForces #MyGov
0 0 Happy Diwali our real heros and thank u so much because we are live happy life thats total credit goes to u 🙏🙏🙏
0 0 THANKU  INDIAN ARMY FOR THE PROTECTION U PROVIDE US DAY AND NIGHT . WE ALL RESPECT U AND  ARE THANKFUL FOR YOUR SERVICES . WITH LOTS OF LOVE , A VERY HAPPY AND DELIGHTFUL DIWALI TO ALL OF U. U ALL ARE OUR REAL HEROES. HEARTIEST WISHES. JAI HIND.
0 0 I wish all our brave soldiers and all security forces personals a very happy and prosperous diwali . We are proud of you and because of you only we can celebrate festivals such Diwali and many other festivals .We are always feel proud of you and feel protected and without any fear we can celebrate such festivals because of you only .We will be always be in your debt . Jai Hind .
0 0 A very happy Diwali
0 0 Many congratulations to all soldiers on the eve of Diwali.
0 0 Mere sabhi fauji bhaiyo ko Diwali ke parv ki hardik shubhkaamnay Bhagwan aapko sada khush rakhe Main aapka bahot samman karta huun Aap border par apni family se duur diwali manate ho Main aapko batana chahunga ki aap sab ke saath pura desh hai aap logo ki vajah se hum hai Mera naam Abhinav Mahajan hai. Main khud ek army officer banna chahta huun. Itne kasht lete ho aap log bina kisi ko bole iss baat ke liye aapko mera salute Jai hind har diwali aapke naam #Salute2Soldiers #MannKiBaat
0 0 Salute to all the soldiers who spend their life at the border protecting us so we can spend our life without the fear of the enemy... Feel so blessed to have such brave soldiers guard us.I would like to take this opportunity to show my gratitude for the selfless service that you people do to us and the country. Thank you from the bottom of my heart...On this day i wish you a very happy and prosperous diwali. May God shower his blessings on you and your families... Jai hind
0 0 MY AND ALL'S HOPE .......... OUR.........GREAT.... SOLDIERS.. MISSING AND WISHING..... YOU........ A VeRy HaPpY DIWALI........
0 0 First of all thank you soooooooooooo much for protecting us from all the life threats.. you all are real life heroes... we love you... we pray for you... we salute you.. A very happy and bright Deepawali to you all and your family who allowed you to stand in border to protect us 1.25 billion strangers.... A special wishes for those in Siachen glacier... We proud of you all and we have complete faith in you... we are proud to be Indian... Satyamev Jaytey... Jai Hind!!!!
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers Happy Diwali to all our real heroes , may the festivals of light will fill your life with joy and happiness. Salute to all our Real Heroes who fought for the nation , die for the nation and who protect us .
0 0 Thanks for everything you do for us.
0 0 To our real heroes "The Indian Army" wish you all and your family a very happy diwali...!!!! Thanks for protecting our lives everytime, god bless you all with health, prosperity and long life. #Be_safe #we_are_always_with_you #Jai_hind #sandesh2soldiers
1 0 You as a Soldiers Sacrifice your whole life, your families, your youth and even festivals on which whole Nation gets Holiday but you our Soldiers still don't have Holiday. You are protecting us 24*7. Thank you and your families may have a safe Deepawali, we as a responsible citizen of Country are always there with you and support you, Thank you
0 0 Happy Diwali to All our Indian Soldiers.
0 0 We are proud of you salute to you and nation happy deepawli to you n your families
0 0 Wishing all the soldiers a very happy diwali..!! Salute to you all..!! #sandesh2soldiers #indianarmedforces
0 0 A soldier does not equate salary with their working hours...does not bother about comfort,risk.They need only the country with happy and fearless sleep.the lowest payies in the world to their sacrifices and bravery...they does not need wishes...they need meaning to their sacrifices....so politicians and people recognize their sacrifices and be a part in India as a world leader with no problems...proud 2 be an Indian army aspirant...jai hind....
0 0 I respect the Indian army . You are the real hero of our life and I love Indian army and I also wants to join .... Happy Diwali to all
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers India salutes those souls who don't count their lives for the sake of the country. As an Indian I am proud that I hoped to join to serve the country. Unfortunately I am unfit medically of SSB navy. Hats off brave Indian sons and daughters.
0 0 May this Diwali Light up the lives of the soldiers in my India. You are the reason we live safe.
0 0 MY Dear Brave Brothers We Wish You A HAPPY DEEPAWALI, WE ARE WITH YOU, GOD Bless You with Peace and Prospers, Have A Wonder Full DEEPAWALI, JAI HIND, BHARAT MATAKEY JAI,
0 0 Diwali wishes to all my brave soldiers.proud of you great men.no words can describe your sacrifice and patriotism.jai hind💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼
0 0 WISHING HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL OUR SUPER HEROES, OUR PRIDE, OUR SOLDIERS...
0 0 May this festival of lights bring brightness into our lives and bring happiness, joy and prosperity. BEST WISHES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY. HAPPY DIWALI!....... FROM SATYANARAYANA AND HIS FAMILY
0 0 My Wishes To Our Brave And Strong Indian Army A Very Happy And Safe Diwali....Thank You So Much Army For Protecting Us. Thank You Pm Modiji For Giving This Opportunity To Wishing Our Brave Soldiers. Proud Of You Indian Army 🙏🙏🙏 Jai Hind🇮🇳 Bharat Mata Ki Jai 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 #Sandesh2Soldiers #PrimeMinister #IndianArmedForces
0 0 Happy Deepavali to you all defence personnel and your families. Sirs we are proud of you all and give us your call and we are at your service. Thank PM for thinking differently and giving us this opportunity to wish you all. Jai Hind
0 0 Beloved Indian Army, Thanks for everything. Words cannot justify ur sacrifices. May almighty protect u & ur loved ones.. #Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces
0 0 The youth of India expresses their sincere gratitude towards the indian soldiers and wishes them a very happy diwali. We all stand in unison with you. JAI HIND #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali to Our soldiers and their families. salute to you for your sacrifices for the sake of our motherland. Jai Hind.
0 0 Wish you all a very happy Diwali😃 we pray for all your good and your dreams come true
0 0 Dear jawans,brave hearts THIS IS ALL BECAUSE OF YOUR RESTLESS EFFORTS THAT HELP US TO CELEBRATE A SAFE DIWALI.. SO FIRST OF ALL A HAPPY DIWALI TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY FROM ALL OF US..WE FEEL PROUD FOR YOU AND WE LOVE YOU.. JAI HIND
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers - Happy Diwali to all our brave soldiers.  We are proud of you and thank you for protecting us.
0 0 A very happy Diwali to our jawans and their families. We, your brethren stand firmly in your support in this hour of intense chaos at the border. Hats off for your bravery and sacrifice!!
0 0 aap ho isliye aaj hum diwali bana rhe h aaj hum aap ko kitna bhi thanx bole wo bhi kam h so thank you so much to prevent our nation  jay hind and wish you a very happy diwali
1 0 A very happy Deepawali to all our brave soldiers and their families.. You are the real heroes of this nation..We are proud of you all!!! May this diwali bring happiness and prosperity to you and your families and peace for the whole nation. Jai Hind!! With Best Wishes & Regards to all..
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces HAPPY HAPPY.... DIWALI TO ALL OF YOU . DIWALI MUBARAK
1 0 Very Very happy diwali to all our real soldiers
0 0 We are safe & celebrating Diwali because of our brave soldiers & security forces who guarding us 24x7. On behalf of my family "I WISH TO OUR HEROES A HAPPY & PROSPEROUS DIWALI".
0 0 A very happy and safe diwali to all our soldiers.
1 0 "No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks." So I take this opportunity to thank the Indian army for their selfless act. I don't think we appreciate you enough but we're truly grateful to you guys.Wishing you and your families a very Happy Dipawali.#superProud#sandesh2Soldiers
1 0 Wish you and your family a very Happy & Prosperous Diwali. We thank you very much for protecting our country and we pray to Almighty for your long life and for you and your family to always be blessed.#Sandesh2Soldiers
1 0 Wish you a very happy deepawali  to all our brothers and sisters who are there for us at all time
1 0 hi all soldiers wish you very very happy diwali.you are our rakshk all country without you we not there. we always miss u and all my family give a wishes very happy diwali and come your life bright and and life a joy. regards Pradeep Kushwaha
2 0 Happy diwali yo all my soldier brothers. It is because of u all that we celebrate every moment of our lives. May god bless u with strength to wipe out tbe evil around us and your families with all the  best times of life. Heartiest gratitude to my brother soldiers. Happy diwali from me and my family. God bless. Jai hind, jai bharat.
1 0 Its only because of all your hard work , dedication towards our country that are country is safe from all external evils, becoz you sacrifice your sleep we are able to sleep peacefully here, becoz you gave up all your joys and protect us even on such an important festival. I respect all of you wholeheartedly. I seriously don't know how to express my gratitude towards you. Thank you so much and wish all of a very happy, prosperous Diwali. But my sincere request, plz don't burst crackers. Thank U
0 0 Wish u Happy Diwali soldiers Aap shur ho ..virok vir ho Ap hi  India ki Jan hai ..ap  ventilation h Indians ka ..ur our heroes
0 0 Dear our brave soldier brothers, We are able to celebrate this Diwali peacefully and the sole credit goes to you who are protecting our country from neighboring nations. We are very small as compared to you. I am able to write this message only because you are protecting the border 24X7. I take immense pride to be an Indian Citizen.Happy Diwali to each and every soldier of our country and their families.Lots of love and a very big THANKS. #Jai Hind #Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces
0 0 p.sindhu Wish you a very happy & prosperous DIWALI to my brave soldiers of indian nation because of you we are safe here thank you very much. we are always with you JAI HIND MERA BHARATH MAHAN #sandesh2soliders
0 0 Very Happy Deepavali to our brave soldiers and their families
0 0 Share Your Views...
0 0 I wish all our brave soldiers, and all the security forces personals a very happy and prosperous diwali. We are proud of you, only because of you we can celebrate festivals, and can live with our families without any fear, and it is just because of you. We will always be in your debt. Jai hind
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our soldiers who r protecting us from all kinds of obstacles by with standing themselves against all such things. From the bottom of my heart i say them'JAIHIND'
0 0 Long live all the defence sector especially soldiers those dedicated their lives in the border.we always with you.
0 0 Happy Diwali to Armed Forces n ur family members. We salute your bravery in protecting our India
0 0 U always do not sleep when whole world is sleeping in night you always stand their so we sleep with peace your always  ready to sacrifice your life when our Bharat maa I unsecured, with out you we are nothing so i as student wish you and your family a happy Diwali #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 I AM HAPPY TO SEND  A WISHES TO  OUR INDIAN ARMY THANQ MODI SIR,  BHARATH MATHAKI JAI
0 0 Wishing happy diwali to our brave soldiers...You have sacrificed almost every diwali so that we 1.3 billion indians can celebrate every diwali safely....we are here because you are there at the border to protect us.... jai hind.... jai bharat
0 0 On this day, we celebrate at home safe and secure in the knowledge that you are there guarding us. That you protect us with your lives , working and sacrificing so that we may live in peace. We have freedom because you guard ours. On this day, our thoughts, prayers and gratitude are with you. You are a part of our families. We all love you, respect, cherish and honour you. We are grateful to you. Your commitment, courage and sacrifice are an inspiration to us all. Jai Hind!Jai Jawan!
0 0 To all indian soldiers we r proud to have u. u always protect us from terrorist or enemy I wl pray to God to protect  all my brothers. WISH U ALL A VERY HAPPY DIWALI.
0 0 Soldiers are the pearls of our country... i respect them!!!! Salute them.... they r the reasn for safety... happieee diwali to all soldiers their families.... i wish uh all get a long life....its really difficult to thnk uh all in wrds!!!! U alll are precious daimonds of the country.... all the vry bst....
0 0 A very Happy Diwali to all the Brave soldiers..Thank-you for making our Diwalis safe.
0 0 Happy Diwali to Our Jawans.
0 0 1st of all..i'm proud to be an INDIAN.. hardwork of the soldiers are never forgotten..they are the real heros in my point of view. their sleepless effort to protect our nation is un-remarkable.. thanks to every soldier from bottom of my heart .. may dis DIWALI brighten their lives and family.. tanx to Modi to for his presnce on dis diwali with the real heros HAPPY AND SAFE DIWALI
0 0 My salute to all soldiers of India. God bless them with health, courage and long life.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all our brave soldiers, Your valor is of no match. We are feeling safe because of you. Thank you for protecting India and Indians.#Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces
0 0 Happy DIWALI to all my soldiers brother protecting us there on the border. You all are doing incredible job. We are always with u there. Once again happy diwali to all of u.
0 0 To our BRAVE SOLDIERS, When the whole country is celebrating the festival of light,it is you who have brought light to our lives always. Thank you and Wishing you a very Happy diwali. Lots of love and wishes.
0 0 Dear Soldiers, We wish you a very happy diwali.. thanks for being there for us.. you people will always be in our hearts and prayers.. Thank you..
0 0 Happy deepavali to all my soldiers... The real lions of the country. The boss #hats of soldiers
0 0 Happy deepavali to all my soldiers... The real lions of the country. The boss #hats of soldiers
0 0 Me and I whole family are saying Happy Diwali to all Indian Soldier. Who are brave, who can kill all enemy, who can destroy enemy country. I respect my soldier from my bottom of heart. Happy Diwali again.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the soldiers..really proud of all the soldiers it's because of you we are living peaceful life...
0 0 U are not far from home...u are in the million hearts of indian people...wish u happy diwali protectors of my country...
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian army and our brave soldiers and their families...this is because of you we are enjoying Diwali and feeling safe in home #Sandesh2Soldiers.. jai hind, bharat mata ki jai...
0 0 Dear Sailors, Solders And Airmen of Indian Armed Forces, We Vetarans of Pune wish you all Happy Dipavalee 2016, You are there hence We are safe and Here. Jay Hind , Jay Maharashtra.
0 0 Happy Diwali to #IndianArmedForces and our brave soldiers and their families. This is because of you that we are enjoying Diwali and feeling safe in home #Sandesh2Soldiers .. JAI HIND ...BHARAT MATA KI JAI!! Atlast I feel very proud that #PrimeMinister Modi Ji took this intiative to bring happiness and kept the spirits of soldiers high
0 0 Happy diwali to all the bravehearts hero of our country. Because of your sacrifices we are able to celebrate festivals peacefully. No words will be enough to describe your dedication and commitment for the country. A grand salute to all the soldiers and families of the martyrs. A festival without wishing you will not be worth enough. Because of you we are here... jai hind . Vande mataram. Happy and prosperous diwali to all the real heroes of our country who r the part of the great indian armed f
0 0 Jai Hind Jawans. Happy Diwali to you all. Thanks a ton for your 24x7 and 365 days of guarding our borders. Feel so sorry for some of our people around here. That they don't know whats to  there be in all difficulties. Hope you all be safe. At most respect and love for you all. Jai Hind. Happy Diwali.
0 0 Jai Hind Jawans. Happy Diwali to you all. Thanks a ton for your 24x7 and 365 days of guarding our borders. Feel so sorry for some of our people around here. That they don't know whats to  there be in all difficulties. Hope you all be safe. At most respect and love for you all. Jai Hind. Happy Diwali.
0 0 Happy Diwali to our brave soldiers. Jai Hind.
0 0 jay jawan main desh ky un sabhi sipahiyo or jo desh seva karty hue shahid hogae unka hardik abhinandan karta hoon or unhy dipawali ki dher sari khusiya mile unky pariwar main sabko maa laxmi dipo ka prakash or gyaan ki jyoti phelae desh seva karty hue apni shahadat dene wale veer jawano ko hum aek dipak unky naam ka jalae gy or apne desh or pradesh ky sabhi logo ko esi kamna ka sandesh dene ko kahy gy un jawano ko mera sath sath naman . satya prakash sati from dungri narayanbagar jay hind
0 0 I wish to our brave soldiers and their family a very happy & prosperous DIWALI. May this festival bring in lots of joy, happiness & peace..A big salute to all of YOU. Thx alot .....
0 0 I would like to thank all soldiers from the bottom of my heart. We are safe and enjoying just because of you...salute to all of you...wishing you a very very happy diwali.#sandesh2soldiers
1 0 Salute to your dedication, promise, strength and zeal for protection of our beloved country..we all are grateful for you and we all are standing with you.. you are our real heroes.. WISH YOU ALL HEROES A VERY HAPPY AND PROSPEROUS DIWALI!! JAI HIND!
0 0 I salute the courage and patriotism of our soldiers and wish them and their families, a very Happy Deepawali....Jai Hind, Jai Bharat!
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the real heroes of our country. Salute to your sacrifices, you do a lot for us. I wish that this diwali brings you all a lot of happiness,a day full of fun and prosperity. Happy and Safe diwali to all the soldiers and their families.:)
0 0 Thank you for your effort everyday in keeping our country safe!
0 0 #Salutetoyou heroes. We are whole heartdly thankfull to you for safeguarding our Families and motherland. And ensure our safety and peace we can't repay your debts but thank and respect you guys. May this Diwali bring more strength and Happiness to your family ! THANKYOU "MANN TO KARTA HOGA TERA KI TYOHAR K LIE 2DIN POST CHODD DUN, PAR FIR SOCHA HOGA K POST TO CHOD DUN PAR KSE APNI MAA KO ASE CHODD DUN".
0 0 #sandesh2soldiers wishing a very happy Diwali to our soldiers and police men ....proud of you all, Jai hind....
0 0 A very happy diwali to our soldiers and indian army. And I salute to them for their courage and bravray. We are very thankfull to their sacrifice for our safety from our enemy of other country. Again happy dipawali to them. Jai hind jai bharat
1 0 Happy Deepawali to all Indian Soldiers nd their Families.... we d people of India are celebrating this Diwali only bcause u r protecting us... we r proud of u.... JAi Hind.....
0 0 Wish you a very very triumphant Happy Diwali. May God be with you in your hard times. We are very much proud of you. I've decided that I would not celebrate Diwali especially crackers for you are sacrificing the same for Nation. Hats off to you. I'll pray to God that your family will get you back safely and victoriously. Love you and proud of you. Thanks for what you are doing.
1 0 You are the real hero of all incident which is made by Pakistan, where Pakistan play the role of terrorist. Surgical strike is a good lesson for Pakistan. You are the Sankatmochan of Indians.So I heartily wish all solders and their family member and also our powerful pm Sri Modiji Happy Diwali.Jay Jagannath
0 0 Happy  diwali to our great soldiers and thanks fpr giving us a peaceful sleep.  We #salute_indian_army.      #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali to all soldiers and all the best
0 0 Happy Diwali to our heroes, our brothers- our soldiers. We are not that brave enough to do what you are doing for our country but we can surely pray for you. May God bless you and your families. Praying for you everyday.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brave soldiers
0 0 I wish all our soldiers a very happy diwali and I would like to thank them for guarding our country and our people . Hope that everything goes fine on our borders and once again Happy Diwali. #sandesh2soldiers
0 0 #Sandesh2Soldiers. Happy Deepavali to all Soldiers who protect us. Let the god fulfill their all wishes, Jai Bharat.
1 0 Happy Diwali All Soldiers of Indian Army , Jai Hind
1 0 Happy Diwali to our brave Indian Army! Our best wishes are with you!
1 0 Salute to the Brave Soldiers of my country. Our borders are secure and we are safe because of your untiring efforts and sacrifices. Jai Hind!! #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali Guardian Angels #Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces. :)
1 0 Hello my dear soldier brothers and sisters, I want to wish you all a very Happy Diwali and safe life. It's difficult to convey you all in words but you are most precious to us. With whole of my heart and from my family wish you again a Happy Diwali and may god be with you in tougher times. Love you all. Jai hind. Prakash Waikar & Family
0 0 I Wish the Soldiers a very Happy Deepawali. We are here living happily is just because of you.
1 0 Our extra ordinary,great,sensitive,humanitarian and beloved soldiers.we have proud of yours.i have no more words to express my feeling for the initiative towards all soldiers to send our love to them by our ARCHANGEL prime minister modi.I once again thank our PM & soldiers.please keep strong thread of reliability by your patriotic function in your field.it is not a comment to you.it is my hearts expression(with heart ful love)don't take it otherwise.our soldiers.JAY HIND,JAY SENA...
1 0 Happy diwali to our soldiers.
2 0 Wishing our brave soldiers and there families ..HAPPY DIWALI
0 0 Gratitude towards PM and the soldiers. God bless each. Soldiers are happy that the country celebrate a Deepawali with PM who is adding more brightness into their daily life by ensuring resolving soldiers issues which none did previously. That is the real Diwali gift to each one of the soldier and his family. Wishing you and all our great soldiers  the best of Diwali, God bless every one. Bharat Mata ki Jai
0 0 I salute soldiers for their responsibility towards india and saving tge people of india from dangerous obstructions and also sacrificing their lifes for the people of india. So i wish them "HAPPY DIWALI" to our jawans Thanks a lot for all the jawans
0 0 Happy diwali to our brave soilders who fight for our safty!
0 0 Dear All Soldiers of our Indian Army ,we are safe, secure &able to celebrate & enjoy our life only b'coz of you,as you are all securing the borders of Country & Stand Like a strong wall to provide  the high security to the  Country, I salute to the  Soldiers of our country.I also salute their families those who are also encouraging them to fight for the country because when most of us are celebrating DIWALI & their family is missing them. God bless them & their family. Happy Diwali to all
1 0 Deepavali wishes To the people who serve our nation tirelessly 24/7 at LOCs. Salute and huge respect to you. May you be safe always and we pray for your good health and prosperity to you and your family #Sandesh2Soldiers #MyGov #indianArmy
1 0 Deepavali wishes To the people who serve our nation tirelessly 24/7 at LOCs. Salute and huge respect to you. May you be safe always and we pray for your good health and prosperity to you and your family #Sandesh2Soldiers #MyGov #indianArmy
0 0 We Salute and Express our Sincere Gratitude to every soldiers who are guarding our nation, and wish them and their families "A Very Happy and Prosperous DEEPAWALI". Jai Hind
0 0 I wish to our brave soldiers and their family a very happy & prosperous DIWALI. May this festival bring in lots of joy, happiness & peace..A big salute to all of YOU.
0 0 my dear real heroes of the country, wish u a happy Diwali...
0 0 Soldiers are the first citizen of a nation. We express warm wishes on Diwali festival for them who remove the darkness of terrorism by lightening our borders. HAPPY DIWALI "Vande Maataram" #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali to our real heros...... thank you
0 0 happy Diwali for Indian soliders i want to become an navy commander regards phani abhiram
0 0 A VERY HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL MY PROUD INDIAN SOLDIERS AND THEIR FAMILY.YOU ARE OUR HEROES.MAY ALMIGHTY PROVIDE YOU ENOUGH STRENGTH AND COURAGE TO FIGHT AGAINST ALL ODDS.#Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 Very very happy DIWALI to our Soldiers.
0 0 I wish the INDIAN ARMY and every Indian a very happy Diwali..... We r with the INDIAN ARMY any time and our support will be there forever.... I am proud to be an INDIAN...
0 0 DEAR JAWANS WE INDIANS ARE CLEBRATING FESTIVALS AT THE COST OF YOUR HAPPINESS. KUDOS TO ALL OF YOU FOR PROTECTING 125 CRORES INDIANS.
0 0 While you toil at the border, shielding the nation from danger, we promise to remember you in our prayers and wish that you have a safe and happy diwali!
0 0 While you toil at the border, shielding the nation from danger, we promise to remember you in our prayers and wish that you have a Safe and Happy Diwali!
0 0 Happy Diwali to all my brave soldiers. Today we are celebrating the safe Diwali only because of your dedication for the nation. Salute to all of you... Jai Hind
0 0 Tum ho toh hum hain! we as Indians salute you for your 24 hour service for the nation. Wish you very happy Diwali! Jai hind
0 0 My Salute to the bravest and strongest people of our nation, because of you we are safe here. You bring security and happiness to our lives; May this diwali bring happiness and prosperity to you and your families and peace for the whole nation. Wishing a Happy and prosperous Diwali to you all.. Jai hind!!
0 0 Every moment of our life and every moment of Diwali owes your courage and sacrifice for this beautiful nation of festivals. You protect us from today's evil. Please consider this message as Diwali gift from your brother. Wish you a very happy Diwali. #Sandesh2Soldiers Jai Hind!!!
0 0 First of all, I want to convey thanks to the Great Heroes of Our Motherland. You all are so Brave. We trust you n are really Proud of you. Lots of Love n REspect to all the Soldiers. Wishing YOU very very HAPPY DIWALI to you n ur Family:) #Sandesh2Soldiers #MannKiBaat #PrimeMinister ji #IndianArmedForces #MyGov
0 0 Aap logo la tyaag hamare liye atulniya hai. Use shabdo me puri tarah vyakt karna asambhav hai. Ye mera chota sa pryaas hai. Aap logo ho tabhi hamare khwaab pure hote hai, hum khwaab dekh paate hai. Aap sabhi ko dil se shat shat naman, pranam.....#Sandesh2Soldiers #IndianArmedForces #MannKiBaat
0 0 HAPPY DIWALI TO MY REAL HERO'S WE SOLUTE JAI HIND
0 0 Salute to Indian Army. Happy Diwali. Jai Hind.
0 0 Happy diwali
0 0 #sandesh2Soldiers Thank you brave soldiers of India for all the pain you are taking to protect us.We wish you a very happy and prosperous Diwali and a very happy new year.
0 0 jai hind  all my brothers soldiers I salute to you. We take rest due to your hard work and service towards motherland Bharat Mata. Happy Diwali Jai Hind.
0 0 Halppy Diwali to all the soldiers...we are proud of you...thank you for protecting us...JAY HIND #Sandesh2Soldiers
0 0 A very HAPPY DIWALI to OUR SOLDIERS You are..the 'protectors' and the 'saviours'  of this great nation.. A Big salute to your dedication,bravery and sacrifice.... No matter what  a few anti Indians/anti nationalist/ pseudo-seculars say... WE  ARE WITH YOU!!
0 0 Happy DEEPAWALI to our greate INDIAN ARMY and their family members
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian Army!!
0 0 Happy DIWALI to all our Brave and courageous Soldiers.Thanks for all the sacrifices you make just to keep us safe and happy.You are all super mans and super womans for Us.. You make us proud.. Jai Hind..#Sandeshtosoldiers
0 0 Happy Diwali to Indian army and our brave soldiers and their families...this is because of you we are enjoying Diwali and feeling safe in home #Sandesh2Soldiers.. jai hind, bharat mata ki jai...
0 0 Every day we are living with safety and news of martyrdom of one or more of our valued armed forces personnel. The supreme sacrifice by each one of them makes all of us indebted not only their families but also to the families of those who are still fighting out in the extreme weather conditions risking their lives every moment. Our hear and mind bows to them with a big salute "Jai Hind brave sons of this soil"
0 0 Great heroes, you are the true sons of our motherland. I wish you a happy diwali and wish that you be blessed with victory always. Jai hind.
0 0 Happy Diwali to all the soldiers to all the soldiers who are standing there and protecting our nation.We all are very proud of you...
0 0 Hello, all my brothers soldiers I salute to you. We take rest due to your hard work and service towards motherland Bharat Mata. Happy Diwali Jai Hind.
1 0 Happy DEEPAWALI to our greate INDIAN ARMY and their family members
