0 0 Govt can give new platform to farmers , by starting a website ,Direct farm to cosumer , that website will work as on same concept as Ebay is working . All farmers can make their Id and put details of their crop with details of seed and wheather it is organic or not . And himself quote minimum selling price with pics ,  This concept will work on wholesale market  ,consumers who want to buy those can call directly to farmers and talk about transportation details and get deal finalised . Website will not be responsible for quality and transportation . Consumer will give grades to farmers id according to their experiance . Farmers who are in protected farming and organic farming should be added on priority basis because govt already have their data . They will register themself on website in no time. To take consumers to such website will need some awarenwss work to do , As people who are going to have marriage in home, hotel and dhaba owners even rehari owner will start buying directly when they will know about such website . We can help farmers by this simple idea . Which is cost effective and move digital India one step forward .
0 0 The news, "Call rates, SMS to cost less while roaming from May 1 2015 - now, with hands in glove nexus with TRAI, Telecom operators will charge different packs -  another trap for Indians to get more cheated. Indians are the victims of materialistic positivism. Boycott telephone use for 6 months to break this nexus between TRAI & Telecom operators and to have 'one India' - one SIM card and 'one tariff'' and 'free number portability across country'. Competition must be on reach and call quality.
0 0 I want to make to complaint about E payment (payment through atm card). Dear sir point is that in open market if customer wants to make payment through card, shopkeepers charge 2 or 3% extra on bill.these things pulls back cashless policy.So i would suggest that this policy should be made compulsory as well as free of cost.
0 0 It'll connect most individual sellers to the best markets of the Internet.
0 0 digital marketing course in using e-commerce Before we Make Internet Connection for ever People So that All Over company Charge Less then Past time So quickly All Internet Provide  Company's That Company Charge Decreases Day By Day.Then We make E-Commerece. www.nareshprajapatmogra.blogspot.com www.nareshprajapatinfotech.blogspot.com www.mograkalaninformation.blogspot.com
0 0 SIR, FIX RESPONSIBILITY OF OFFICER/WORKER IN MTNL DELHI BECAUSE THEY ONLY USE AUTHORITY WITHOUT RESPONSIBILITY. THEY USE THERE POWER TO REMOVE COMPLAINT WITHOUT ACTION. THIS KIND OF IRRESPONSIBLE BEHAVIOR WILL LOOSE THE CUSTOMER FROM MTNL TO PRIVATE TELECOM AT LEAST FOR BROADBAND SERVICES. THIS IS MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE AS SUBSCRIBER OF MTNL DELHI FOR T.NO. 28312898 WITH BROADBAND COMPLETELY DEAD SINCE 22/02/2015. TOO MUCH COMPLAINT TO MTNL & PG PORTAL , EMAIL TO GM, AM MTNL BUT WITHOUT RESULT.
1 0 Sir u r working on digital india then why do you get actions quickly on digital services like 4G network, these services should be quickly adopted as early as possible.On other hand other countries provide 4G from too many days. That means as you get it the rates of 3G services will be reduced so many brothers can use internet in minimum prices. you current rates of 3G, 1GB-250 Rs., 2GB-450, etc. even i saw ur one video on net it takes 200MB (1024 MB =1 GB).
0 0 in my every indian citizen should learn internet and learn how to search information on net
0 0 Dear Sir, I have gone through very few suggestion, every body is right. We have to thing more on that and need micro level planning in small village and very far corner of India.
0 0 Sir, e commerce will give big boost to revenues of govt, direct n indirect taxes will go up huge.but pl make mandatory for e commerce companies to buy fm smes. Bcs I sense after gst next year, small scale sector will go down n more job losses can b seen in this sector, bcs gst will help only big companies , which r facing burden of high indirect taxes like, vat, excise, octroi etc. Pl keeo in mind this. E commerce can give boost to small units.
2 0 Dear sir It will better if Government bring E-Commerce to Farmers of this country for sell their commodities to traders orconsumers from their fields to avoid brokers and chance to sell their produces for better price. Thank you
0 0 Well I have suggestion for new kind of railway ticket reservation which will have common platform for people to get the seats. It will also eliminate the agents who charge too much. Please go through the Image and spread it everywhere.
1 0 Make one library in each village(or2\3 closed village).provide internet connection to the library, appoint one village student in that.use indian post more versatile for e- commerce business in digital India plan.first introduce in sansad adarsha gram yojana in 700➕ village then look the feedback.
1 0 To create Village Level entrepreneurs and to spread e-literacy "One Library Per Village " and NASSCOM conducted "Digital Literacy Week" in 2 Libraries in kerala . more than 200 people participated in event and got trained in various digital tools. Most of participants were Housewives. http://digitalliteracyweek.blogspot.in       ... one or two day training wont make villagers digital literate, Libraries can converted as collaborative learning centers where people learn from peers
0 0 E,commerce is help full to all in their respective fields.
0 0 SIR, I AM SUBSCRIBE OF MTNL DELHI PH N0. 28312898 WITH BROADBAND WHICH IS TOTALLY DEAD SINCE 22ND FEB. EVEN I COMPLAINT ON FRS MTNL AND PG PORTAL BUT TILL DATE ITS STILL NOT WORKING. I AM CA AND TRIED MY LEVEL BEST BUT NO OFFICER OF MTNL IS TAKING INITIATIVE. MY WORRY IS THAT I AM LITERATE PERSON WHO LIVES IN NC OF DELHI & TAKES ALL STEPS BUT MTNL IS NOT TAKING ACTION TO REPAIR IT THEN HOW DIGITAL INDIA PROGRAM WILL BE SUCCESSFUL WITH THESE TYPE OF IRRESPONSIBLE OFFICERS IN RURAL INDIA.
0 0 There are various open-source scripts available for e-commerce websites. The tutorials as well are flooded in youtube. I am about to start an initiative for the free open-source scripts for e-commerce and also will show it's contents on how it can be created. Please let me know if someone wants to start the business for handlooms in rural area. I will guide them, give them training and will create a platform at least possible cost. yours.akshit@gmail.com
1 0 People who perform craft and related works to gain their livelihood can with the help of government put up a website for online selling of their products. The government should also help the poor in terms of exporting and shipping facilities. The beginners can avail an easy loan to startup their business.Some of the unemployed Software, Computer, Networking can be given job so as to provide the rural people with the power of internet in the modern era.
0 3 Free 1GB of 3G Internet data should be provided by the govt. to each family of India.There after e-commerce will be successful in india.Unless it will be burried under the Slogan of 'Digital India' etc.......
0 0 The last date is 16 jan but still I would like to add my views, just in case if it could help. First of all, rural places do not have good idea of computers let alone learning a course.The approach at them should be very basic and clear so the following are my views- -website available in local languages -should be easy to navigate with simple instructions -a short term course, a video or pictorial representation on how to navigate, upload and market the products can help them -a helpline
0 0 I know the last date was 16/1/15. For whatever it is worth, please consider the following inputs: 1. The target audience needs to be able to use an e-commerce platform to sell their products. 2. For this, they to be taught to upload a picture, provide a description, quote a price on the target portal. 3. You need the portal to be simple enough to use so that the users can easily add the above. I do not see the need for the elaborate course.
1 0 Mera Naam Rathandas, I Have Good Computer Knowledge With Ms Office, Dtp, Web Designing, Hardware, Tale Caller, Mobile Hardware , Good Knowledge With  Bhamasa Card, Adar card Modify, Pan Card, ALso Knowledge, I Want A Job Please Help Me, Rathandas, Rabariyo Ka Tanka 01, V/p Balotra, Teh Pachpadra, Barmer Dist, Pin Code: 344022,   Contact Details : 08432069659, 08008584495
2 0 Please help: My Father (Shri Indrakant Jha)he is 61 years old working with Vikram Sheela Sanskrit High School Krishnagarh, Sultanganj Bhagalpur, Bihar, Pin-813213, from last 5 years My Father with three More Teacher did not receive their Salary, the reason is in 2009 when ex headmaster (Shri Vadnath Jha) retired on his job, as per suggestion of Supreme Court order in Bihar only Sr. Teacher can be supporting headmaster of any Sanskrit School, so my father was the right person to take the charge of that school as per record, but Mr.Govind Jha (Junior Teacher)who did some wrong work and with some support of wrong people get the charge of fresh Headmaster in that School then my father raised a Case against this in Board and Patna High court (Case No is: CWJC 2468-2012, CWJC 10065-2011), after a long hearing of 5 years finally my father get judgment on 4-Nov-2014 and pass order to Govind Jha that provide charge of School to my father and also pass order to related officer to provide their all due salary, But when Govind Jha aware of this judgment he run away from school to use a cheap reason- Death of his Brother, but in reality he is at home, on 7-Nov-2014 when my father reached School then aware of Govind Jha not in School, and he write a letter to one other teacher Mr, Munna Jha for temporary headmaster, Munna Jha is saying I am not a authorize person to give you charge, One other Person Mr. Achal Jha is not sure but he was saying that I m a member of comity of this school and saying when Govind Jha back then will decide that charge will given or not,My father is totally disappointed of it, , he meet to Block education officer Mr. Manikant Gupta also provide authorize latter to take charge of school, on 29th Nov-2014 again Mr. Govind Jha taken madical leave, all activity raised to Block education officer (Mr. Manikant Gupta) and District education officer (Mr. jyoti Kumar) On 08-Dec-2014 one notice paste on school board- Deputy Director Sri Suresh Chowdhary, make a stay of that order till 06-Jan-2015, I don’t know if Mr. Suresh Chowdhary aware of the order and Board and court and why pass such order, any how my father arrange a lower and reached to Mr. Suresh Chowdhary office, after listining all thing again Mr. Suresh Chowdhary provide again date of 03-Feb-2015, taking monthily salary is fundamanter right of my Father, and he is fighiting for it from last 5 years please help us, In my home very critical condation is my Papa ji taking lot of money for this case on interest, our family condation is not good to survive life, my papa ji going Sultanganj to Patna in this time even he has not money everywhere people asking for money to do this work, its very critical condation with him he is 61 years old please help us It’s my humble request to you all that please Help us and for more detail to see related documents please email me: itsmemanojbhardwaj@gmail.com once you will aware of this case who is right and who is wrong and please do the needful: Regards, Manoj Bhardwaj+91-7503985185
0 0 The career centres provided 4 in each states with aid of 50% from industries, 25% from states and 25% from central gov with workshops, labs.  These centres may be provided to develop skills for un-employed youth in the fileld of cultivation and technical sectors. These centres tie up with local educational institutions, industries.  priority should be given to rural area development to reduce pressure on cities.  These cc's should turned up into self financial by marketing the products.
0 0 each person have e-mail id,  communication must in soft data, save tree, environment and PLANET EARTH- OUR HOME
0 0 Sir, to motivate wearing of  helmet traffic dept can paste a sticker stating JAgruk NAGRIK
1 0 This is regarding appointment of new CEC. I wish to suggest that officers should be appointed to important positions only when they have atleast an year of service left. If extension is needed,  it can be given at the time of appointment only. This wud help them work with long term goals.  The new CEC is to retire in APRIL. Such short term appointment may hamper smooth functioning of the organization. Hence,  fixing an year of minimum service duration necessary may be desirable.
0 0 What is India ranking in global world for ease of doing business in India? Do Indian government doing something to improve ranking? as I came to invest in India and fall into circles of registration and bribe suckers even after online process. Why India is difficult for small business investor, who loves the country but get kicked out by corruption & unethical process of registration. Can we have one business registration and all tax link to that?
0 0 shape and size of coins should be changed
0 0 Every university in india should be bound by law to award degree to the graduated students within a specified time frame. Graduates suffer a lot because of the delay by college authority. They are not able to apply for jobs etc. in many places.
1 0 MyGOV Open Form is our one stop platform to share our views. Forum require wider participation and discussion among members of MyGov. The topics transcnd all the groups due to their scope and importance. Each member of the Open Forum and can join the various discussions.
0 0 Dear modi ji. I would like to bring ur attention that medical facilities are extremely poor & people are suffering at various stages maily poor @ middle class. Medical treatment & medicine r out of reach to poor so called mango people. I would like to request u to immediately implement the compulsary medical insurance in india. Now it is high time to take decision & pls implement it from 26 jan & announce this scheme from red fort in presence obama. Pls go ahead for the betterment of mango peopl
0 0 Digital marketing have to start from bottom to top to stop making black money......no currency but all facility through e-commerce.so india must be strongest country in the world.
1 0 Every MP and MLA should promote Cooperative ventures like Amul in their constituency. Also ways should be found to add maximum value to local produce locally before shipping the products to markets through cooperative transport systems. Fruit trees should be planted to improve economy or the area. Auyvedic medicine plants may also be planted under guidance of  Aurvedic companies like Dabur. Auyvedic medical colleges should be established.
0 0 The online market will be completely in the hands of a middle level person (Who with lucrative profit simply by cheating the final consumer of this programme), to empower this programme a seminar and awreness by college youths and students must be made with the help of panchayths and villages,and other govermaental institutions.
1 0 Save doctor and patients after compleating their mbbs most of the doctor spend their time in preparing for pg entrance exam even 3 to 5 year in coachings etc. It is just a waste of human resource . And this is due to shortage of pg seats in medical college .
1 0 Survey must be taken like- which companies are using Digital marketing, How it is affecting the life of common man. What is its demerits and how it can be removed. How can we make it more effective and more beneficial. After proper survey & teamwork the content can be decided.
1 0 If Bureaucrats and Babus are treated as Supreme in implementing Govt. Welfare orders as they like by deviating from the real principle of Orders of  GOI and Courts, it is sure that the Govt. and the Party in Power will be the ultimate waste for the public and their ire will be reflected at the Poling booths in any Democracy. Same happened to UPA  and INC which is getting routed out in all States. Pray to control the Bureaucrats and Babus in implementing Orders to save Modiji and Govt.
0 0 e-commerce in rural areas through the network of existing postal system would be wonderfull, farmers would not have to leave farms to buy city level goodies.
1 0 Sir, Sharing an idea on how post office can be big player in e-commerce, we can get Post Bank a subsidary of post office, which will help in lending to business men, then we have a online portal like Amazon be created, we have the post office network to connect to various villages so that small business gets connected to rest of India.  Sharing an idea and this will help development and upliftment ...http://postofficesleeping-gian.blogspot.in/2015/01/post-office-sleeping-...
0 0 Branding, customer care service, product quality efficiency, back office co-ordination, payment flexibility, logistic compatibility, data analytics support and customer satisfaction rating and feedback review.
1 0 "Marketing is the management process responsible for identifying, anticipating and satisfying customer requirements profitably”. This definition of marketing rightly emphasizes the focus of marketing on the customer,while at the same time implying a need to link to other business operations to achieve profitability. Some points are we included : 1. Create Micro Content 2. Leverage Social Reviews to Automate Word of Mouth Marketing 3. Run a Launchrock Campaign 4. Create a Board on Pinterest
0 0 In Kerala all the vegetables and fish available in markets are highly contaminated with more than normal rate of pesticides/ amonia which is very harmful for health.
0 0 Even though Repo rate is reduced, new generation banks are not reducing the interest rates for existing loans. They only reduce for top up or new loans.
0 0 All IITs, NIITs as well as the IT department of India could work in collaboration with the top-notch e-commerce companies in India in collecting and sampling data necessary for creating content for the digital marketing course. Institutes like the IITs can provide a theoretical input to the syllabus whereas the e-commerce companies can deal with the practical aspects in connection with digital marketing.
0 0 we should have insurance policy for all gov retired employees.
0 0 Bhaarath ki Surakshaa- the terrorist camps in all sides of boarders of india should be removed.
0 0 the MP should take five villages in five years in tenure of five yers of MP-time.each one village for each year.& development should not be only physically like roads & buildings but also culturally ith human values also. development in character,attitudes,family values,
1 0 Cartoon character from different hero's and heroines
1 0 Hoardind and infograph should be made to teach every being to taught every people
0 0 India is a great country, the first to be eliminated unemploment. The prime minister said that he was the subject of employment , especially for student 's attention west bengal ...
0 0 CAREER CENTERS -------------- Possible Names of such centers ------------------------------ 1) Pradhan Mantri Rojgar evam Kaushal Kendra 2) Primes Minister's Career & Skill Center 3) Bhartiya Rojgar evam Kaushal Kendra 4) Indian Career & Skill Center Place of such centers --------------------- Usually there is a city (this may or may not be the capital of the state) in every state, where most of the students from our country move for pursuing there education or in search of job. Initially care
1 0 govt should include and work in co ordination with various institutions like NIIT etc. which have done a very good work in the past and this will help for making Digital India movement a mass movement through quality computer education for everyone.We cannot make India 'digital' unless there is quality computer education for the poorest section of the society...
0 0 Making india digital is a very good thinking.  but this is not possible until people takes responsibility of proper education... we will teach computer to a man who never saw a school in his life... before making digital india,  there is a need of improvement in  basic requirement of people.
3 0 Online learning is the need of the hour. Proper infrastructure should be provided in this regard. Laptops; Tablet PC s should be made available at affordable price to the needy people. Proper encouragement must be given.
1 0 respected sir, please take powerful steps for girls security and girls child education. And fullfill all type of needs in govt, school without any corruption. i suggest you one thing govt. school development work is give to private builders and hospitals conditions is also very poor in india so please make good hosiptals with the help of privatisation and I am a citizen of north east delhi and there is a traffic jam problem and there is no one good hospital no one schools.
2 0 Sports should be subject right from the primary level in schools where students should have options to choose game of their like such as cricket; football; tennis; badminton etc. So that one could prove one's worth in the relevant spot.
0 0 I would like people and government agencies to come forward for the disaster struck people who have been moved to temporary camps till snowfall stops in jammu and kashmir. One such camp is in the outskirts of Varanasi and we need to provide them with food, water and sanitation. Any suggestion would be appreciated in this context, as to whom to contact for the financial aid of these people
0 0 To BMC Mumbai. Request you to please work on the roads condition as rains have gone long back but still the condition of the roads are really really worst. Why no action being taken against these contractors and why we see patch work every where... Request you to please work and assign some good contractors for the best work as it will save many lives. Hope to see some speedy work in the area and to see some great improvement..please keep away the paver blocks if not required. Thanks
0 0 we are running very fast in our population growth, uptill now no government had took any appropriate step to control it.
1 0 1)as most of the people are from rural ares and not literate simple steps mostly with digital codes should be devised on usage of mobiles. 2)mostly voice based with pressing of digits on mobile phones should be devised 3)i pads should be provided to diseminate informstion with suitable training should be given to the users to get used to it. 4)tick mark information should be gathered from the public who are not tech savy
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I submit that all vehicles should have RFID based tags on them that indicate Engine, Chasis as well as Registration number from the time that the vehicle leaves the factory. This number would remain permanently associated with that vehicle till the vehicle is condemmed. If we do this + make Adhaar mandatory as I have said in my earlier post; we would have a crime free india + collection of tolls/fines/recovery etc. of all vehicles will be hassle free. Many thanks.
0 0 To, Honorable Prime Minister India, Delhi. Subject :  Creation of The Great Indian Green Wall along LOC…… First of all our most sincere, humble tribute to five countryman yesterday & thousands who in the past lost their lives in the firing by neighbor enemy. Your honor, am small researcher in health & environment. Conceived an idea which am submitting for your perusal. 1. A live wall of trees and or bushes comprising of thorny may be poisonous species. Selection can be planned as per topo
0 0 first of all in our country big shot like tata,ambani's company they are not doing faithful business i have so many region of this type company fraud. i gave one example now reliance communication saling package for talk time for 28 days, 45 days or   90 days in the mean time if indian culture day like holi, pongal, diwali or new year they will send one message to people who having package like "regular charges apply for  so and so date" and looting lot of money for this ways. pl. look in this
0 0 WHAT PSUs ARE DOING FOR THEIR EMPLOYEES, JUST BY PAYING THEM.  PSUs SHOULD MAKE THEIR EMPLOYEES MORE SKILLED SO THAT A FAMILY CAN BE UPDATED.  NEED FOR SKILL DEVELOPMENT FOR GOVT. EMPLOYEES ALSO.
0 0 today's women have to manage home and business.and if it is equally shared between all family members then life becomes easier  and healthier, children learn to respect work and team work and there will be good communication between family members which is less in these days. in schools a moral and today"s thought/ task type class to be started to instill these values.  we should teach our children to enjoy life, enjoy work, take responsibilities and to know / discover their real goal in life,
1 0 Upbringing children has ever been one of the most critical and valuable activities of the human societies. If we have children but no parents to look after, en-culture and blossom them; the future of humanity is certainly going to be immense dark. We can create an immensely beautiful and comfortable world around us but without decent humans all that beauty is going to turn ugly tomorrow or day after tomorrow. Let’s discuss: Dr. Shrutikant Pandey 0987-141-8453 Join me at Chintan4change @ facebook
1 0 Better Parenting for Better Future: Parents have ever been intensely involved in the arduous task of man making since the time unknown. In this move, the role of mothers has surely been more intensive and imperative. With the advantage in knowledge and technology in child care and development; it was naturally expected that there will come a long leap in bettering the childhood experiences of the young folk. The children of 21st century must get not only the better hardware in terms of comforts
0 0 Recent comment for testing purpose
0 0 Recent comment for testing purpose
0 0 સુ પ્રભાત MODIJI.. thanks a lot for NEW YEAR GREETINGS.i checked my email yestesday and greetings was a pleasant surprise..thank u for your kindness and affection .once again સાલ મુબારક
0 0 I wish the Government also plans to address the explosive epidemic of stroke in India. Setting up of stroke networks across the country is the need of the hour
0 0 Making Electricity through Nuclear / Thermal or Hydro Electric route takes huge capital investment as well as planning time. Small electric units , operated locally in remote areas using FUEL CELL and BIOGAS or natural gas, with just 200 kw capacity is easy and low cost option, which can be done with in 1 week. Land acquisition is also not a problem as you hardly need huge plot of land. For more details  let me know, where to send  more detailed write .   These units are good for defence  also.
0 0 I think i have some ideas which helps in nation strength and beneficial for below poverty line people and normal people as well, but where i go, whom should i tell my ideas, is there anyway to directly approach to authorities ????? Please guide me.
0 0 Sir, I want to say that you have been terrific in your PM's tenure. Sir many things are happening around the globe and India has started endulging in many good activities. But I want to say that sir please spread a wave of magic. Magic of knowledge, magic of colourful views. And sir please tell the country that not to consume drugs, tobacco. And sir if no one consumes tobacco then India will truly be SWACHH BHARAT.No litter and a population which will be an asset not a liability. Thank u.
0 0 give the advitisements which attracts people
0 0 Digital market is one of the best way of ecommerce and it should be increased through digitalization in the different marketing field and also the standarzation  of social marketing in town side for better agriculture activities good supply of markting through digital market  better way of marketing and also the different growing or development in town side
0 0 Could you please explain why you asking people to pay full amount for LPG GAS as its very difficult to arrange 900 instead of 450 for a poor people. Not a good policy....disappointing us.
0 0 Res. Mr PM - This is my 3rd/4th letter requesting govt to launch a South Asian Peace movement with participation of Govts/civil society/educationists/religious leaders/business leaders/youth frm member states 2 further the cause of peace in SA. I am reiterating it again & would refer to the French response where 3 mn people from 40 countries led by the top leaders hv gathered in Paris in an UNITY MARCH. This is the stuff great nations are made of. Pl create the same HYPE FOR PEACE in South Asia.
1 0 Lions Clubs International program 2 make Indians Free of Pain n weakness w/o medicines AFAP www.lionsactiontv.com but unfortunate for Indians, MODIJI or Health Minister has no time to call us for practical demonstration. Lions can prove it. V hv been treating Indian Armed Forces, Maharashtra Police since 199 with great success. V hv demonstrated it in India, Kenya, Tanzania. Modiji said V need Preventive Health Care. Even illiterate can learn. It can generate 30 lak jobs. Why V R not serious?
1 0 1.Web Designing 2.Dynamic handling of web traffic in the e-commerce website 3. Crash handling 4.Protection against virus attack and Hacking 5.Dynamic updation of the E-Commerce contents 6.Application of E-commerce in Rural Markets
0 0 I think interface of smartphone with health care devices like microscope and environmental devices like spectrometer will enhance (a) e-commerece (b) health environment and agriculture based monitoring.
2 1 Dear, Modiji, PM of India, I have share my idea & some new strategy on my gov. portal, but i hv not gate any response & reply,I want share my idea in personally to PM of india, I hv 100% faith, my idea will can 100 % of build strong Nation in Economically & financially. We can bring out black money 100 % domestic & internationally, without more effort & cost. Please, give appointment share a idea with  PM or Finance Minister. Thanks G N Kakadia,
1 0 Now that the NDA government has rightfully decided to continue with the AADHAR scheme ( good thinking so as not to waste the already invested large sum by the UPA earlier) can it be pssible to use this aadhar number as a unique number for everything viz, that number can be PAN NO., PASSPORT NO.MOBILE NO., DLNO., IDENTITY NO., GAS ID NO. etc etc.for each individual.If it is possible then each person has to remenber only one number through out.
0 0 Regarding e-commerce course:- 1.course on javascript and web designing. 2. business knowledge 3.making contacts with manufacturers. 4.following business ethics.
0 1 job security to the government servant should be for five years . review afrer five years if found fit and loyal then only continue him or her
0 0 urban area building permissions, tree plantation must be made compulsary
1 0 ... can be trained on any top 3 or 5 ecommerce platform that is easy to manage for any one. And if they are going to be 'sellers' on top ecommerce sites as listed, then they dont need to act specially on the marketing, those website are already on good position on web rankings.
1 0 ...regarding the course structure, there is a topic as 'Digital marketing', this needs a continuous action to get 'increasing visibility' so that part is missing. Then comes the e-commerce sites. i am not clear if you are going to train them how to create and execute an ecommerce website or train them how to use the existing popular ecommerce website. If the earlier case, then additional trainings are required starting from its installation, configuration, this needs vast time. Or better they...
1 0 Hi, thanks for giving opportunity to provide feedback on the course drafted, Well since i am on the software and web development stream, i can see many things. First of all, for an IT person itself, learning  or understanding the concepts needs more time, ofcourse i understand IT people work deep. This 50hrs duration for artisans/craftsmans etc., (if they are illiterate or if they are not exposed to computers or internet) is not at all enough. Atleast a month time is better sufficient. Well....
0 0 a.	For this, first of all the companies will have to decide and register the number of drugs that is supplied in the market at OTC (Over the Counter drug ) , Prescription drugs . b.	Then , these companies should include in their strips and syrups (drug dosage forms) a phone  number wherein the person can call and the call will be directed to that companies representative , who will attend the call and provide the information that is required by the caller 2. Many jobs will be created in this wa
0 0 before food or after food ,drug interactions, side effects and also complain even the difficulty suffered while consuming the drugs for eg. Some patients do get allergic while administered with some drugs and hence they can be guided and also the company will get a platform to come in direct contact with the public, and take those issues to further modify the formulations, a  kind of drug management systems/informations.(or eg. Just as now agriculture dept has its call centres)
0 0 1.	Even in pharmacies while taking medicines , the patient tends to forget how to take the medicines, especially in old age people and in paediatric cases(although mostly all pharmacies do stick tags ).At this point of time, I thought if the government in collaboration with the  Pharmaceutical companies in India open up units like drug care centre, wherein any person (patient, doctor , nurse, pharmacist)can call up and inquire about the drug that he/she is taking like when to be taken , before f
1 0 Create a simple web-site - use post-office money-order for money transaction and speed post as your distribution channel. Try it. Take a little chance with minimal investment. Enjoy the game of entrepreneurship and business.
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister, We tried to sent couple of email, my question is: having a Canadian Passport holder, can we expect Visa On Arrival in India as some other Countries?
4 0 Still people are scheptic about purchasing on line for fear of compromise of debit/credit cards and what the quality of goods will be . Make strong / enhanced punishment cheating on products for online sale and fraud on credit/debit card compared to general purchase fraud from shops
0 0 COMMUNICATION & FEEDBACK FROM CUSTOMERS / e-banking, etc., SHOULD BE THE MAIN FOCUS OF DIGITAL MARKETING COURSE IN USING e_commerce SITE. BESIDES PRIVATE PLAYERS,  POST OFFICES / INDIA POST OR ANY OTHER DEPARTMENT CAN ALSO BE AUTHORISED TO DO E-COMMERCE / E-TRADING-selling goods just like FLIPKART.COM or SNAPDEAL.COM. SIMILARLY, IN EACH & EVERY FIELD / SALE OF GOODS / SERVICE, PVT Cos. & PSUs HAVE TO COMPETE.
1 0 Digitisation against Crime India, a cluster of states divided on the basis of cultures and languages. On one side of the coin things are excellent from theoretical point of view. But, full of practical flaws to handle some of the very serious issues. I very well appreciate the initiatives of Modi government for digital India. And, therefore with a lot of hope I am writing this request. Continue reading @ https://sites.google.com/site/ismrahulsoni/home/digitization-against-crime
1 0 Sir Does Govt know the Salary of PSU bank officials (Officer) is less than even a Chowkidaar of Govt of India. Why not INCLUDE THE PSU BANK ALSO IN CENTRAL PAY COMMISSION.
3 0 To have an effective national e-commerce network, we need to use post office Speed Post as a national distribution network. We need to modernise our Post Office Speed Post net work even for national tele-medicine or e-medical distribution. Perhaps even for national e-learning ventures. IIMs, IITs and IIITs can cooperate to transform our postal system into effective national distribution network.
5 0 Many of the times we want to buy some goods that are only available on the carnivals or some exhibitions like handcrafted goods. we have to create e-commerce sites for each and every states for their own specialized craft goods and with this the crafts man can sell their goods and their direct benefits will reach to them and it will also popularize their skill. Also no need to migrate from their places in search of markets to sell their goods.
2 0 Local vendors are feeling resented against new trend of e-commerce. So be aware of it and take steps to integrate local vendors into e-commerce sites without government involvement. In this way, local economies and small self employed retailers can be saved.
2 0 Mr Modiji, not sure if this is the right forum but I would like to suggest one important thing here. I would like a new department from the government who would analyse our ancient Hindu text and come up with innovative scientific research. This would help India become a strong nation. It has been observed from the past that other countries have stolen our technology to prove their prowess. It is right time to have an R&D for using our ancient texts to innovate new technology in med & science.
2 0 Ecommerce is continuosly evolving along the development of new digital media and related, yet one thing has not changed. That is, the objective of search intent in the buyer arena. Consumers continue to use search to look after, research and purchase the products that they need. Though this basic aspect may not change, the way search works needs to. Hence the e commerce has to cater to the needs of digital marketing as both are interlinked, directly proportional to each other as per importance.
1 0 Government is implementing morning attendance rule in central government offices, but one rule can not be generalised for all offices......mustering the attendance before 8:40 is not going to help R & D organisation at all , infact it is very demotivating for young minds, i think in R & D organisation time flexibility is must
1 1 why the budget presented on 28 Feb. why not on 31st March.As all sectors financial year is from 1st April to 31st March. FM should understand the difficulties of people filing Excise return. In old also it was presented in Feb . When the AARKASHAN policy will be over.Even after 65 Year we are separating the people by cast and sub-cast. Foe poor people we should help them by giving good education at low coast.
1 0 Balaji Trip - I bought groundnut along shell and in process of eating I did realize that there was no dustbin to throw shells. we should achieve following: 1. Ensure dustbins within a kilometer area. 2. Ensure that paid toilets are provided within every 2 km area. It can be free for poor people...no ID needed your cloth and look explains about you. 3. Ensure that every street side vendor must keep a dustbin along. 4. It's our country hence individual must understand their responsibility.
4 0 Sir I think there should b pay toilets. in every city ,so that we can utilize it in emergency. In stead of here and there.
2 0 Sir I think there should b pay toilets. in every city ,so that we can utilize it in emergency. In stead of here and there.
1 0 Digital Marketing is marketing that makes use of Electronic Devices (Computers) such as Personal Computers, Smartphones, Cellphones, Tablets and Game Consoles to engage with Stakeholders.  Digital Marketing can be through Non-internet  channels like Television, Radio. Whether you are a Student, Marketing Executive or Entrepreneur looking for new Ideas to engage with the market, gaining a marketing qualification will stand you in good stead to succeed in Business and in your Career. Thanking You
1 0 We need more biotechnology jobs. Unemployment of qualified people is a shame. Where is the funding? There is no value for talent or education or what? Sab apane jack leke aate hain. Job recruitment in government oganisations is totally corrupted.  They ask if any relative is working in the laboratory.  Is this family development programme?
3 0 If the government buy the clothes of small tailors and weavers in small local industries and put it as sale like myntra.com or snapdeal.com so that they could be also benefited. creating such website leading to e-commerce can really grow the sense of self-reliance. If the citizens is able to get good quality of clothes in affordable price then both the consumer, the producer as well as the government will be benifitted.
0 0 In West Bengal the Saradha Scam investigation is done by CBI under the order of the Supreme Court.But Politically the investigation has been questioned as biased. Let it be completed quickly and political turmoil may end
0 0 I again request the Govt to restore the facilities of the retired members of the CGHS Scheme in respect of supply of required medicine, empaneled private hospitals and diagnostic centers in kolkata again as it was previously. The retired members are very inconvenienced but the authorities in kolkata are not responding positively
2 0 Basic computer knowledge with specific use of daily needs like phone,banking,education etc.
0 0 online banking , basic civics and laws can be two among the contents
1 0 A collaboration with India posts will definitely help this scheme. Also Indian railways and Air India can be used for speedy deliverance.
1 0 Recently National Insurance of India creates some vacancy where sc,st,obc all have to give exam fee only 50 rs.where UR have to pay 500 rs. Are all sc/st/obc s are poor though their parents are either successful businesses man or government servant and all UR are rich though their parents are Daily Worker? Mr. Ambedkar said these only for twenty years but it is already passed in assembly till 2020. Therefore I humbly request to you please close this system and create it only for economy backward
1 0 branding the local brands , quality checking , cost effective , review on anything and everything , ad board genuine logo and non corrupt workers and making a video of each and every experiment product that will help us check its legality and a single platform to give all the reviews . now a days people in hi tech cities are not having time to check the quality or  may not be knowing how to check the product without damaging it , Need to teach people on this people will stay safe by doing so.
0 0 Hi, Future of e-commerce in India. We are going to have Rapid growth in this sector in future.
1 0 Sir I would to like draw your attention towards Indian Rail. Sir to encourage people to travel by trains the Govt. should take steps for cleanliness and quality of food which is at present pathetic.
1 0 Strategic planning for digital business, Enterprise Architecture, Impact of Social Media, Mobility, Search Engine Optimization, Enterprise Content Management, Payment Gateways and Security, Competitive Landscape Analysis, Business Intelligence and Analytics
1 0 E commerce can do wonders.
1 0 Honorable PM,HM,MOF,MOD,PMO, Pl.think seriously on liberating POK on this God sent opportunity of constant provocation on boarder by PAK ARMY,by sending  Indan  troops in POK to flush the militants and PAK ARMY out of the area.This is a God sent opportunity, perhaps it is wish of God.Pl. don't waste this opportunity. Take courage, let the Pak army indulge in border skirmishes, pretend to be humble to Pak Govt.and launch a blitzkrieg attack intoPOKand annex it before anybody could guess happenin
0 0 PL.TURN THE ADVERSITES INTO OPPORTUNITIES God has given an opportunity toMr.Modi tomake history by annexing PAK occupied Kashmir toIndia.God has been constantly misguiding Pakistan to provokeIndia to retaliate bysending army in occupied Kashmir to flushout the militants and PAK ARMY fromthe area.Modi should grab the opportunity with both hands and must play his master stroke to create history by annexing POK.The officers monitoring these posts are requested to forward this post to P.M. atonce.
2 0 Healthy India: GOI should control in issue of medicines without doctors prescription.Nowadays diseases are getting serious even though the symptoms are light.people take their own medicine without knowing the seriousness behind them.by introducing medicines only with doctors prescription we can avoid people getting into serious trouble as we can find the problem with our body in the earlier stage.
0 0 Honorable P.M. There is no group on politics ,administration, corruptions, complaints.Is there no need of people participation on these topics.Is govt.sole expert on these matters,which reqfire more reforms? Certainly not.It has been deliberately done by the officers concerned, so that their inefficiencies do not come in light and they may not have to work hard.This is disgusting. P.M.should add these groups and include other such groups to get public opinion
1 0 Hon'ble modi ji, I wish to contribute significantly to make India clean, safe and healthy, have plans to do so, but do not know how to join such group, constantly writing but get no suitable reply, sure if malnourished eliminated then efficiency increases, health and wealth both increase, Direction shall be given to invite for sharing views followed by action. My mob is 9560057800 Dr Suneel Qamra
1 0 Dear PM, I belong to a big minority group of Income Tax payers.The goverment does not incentivize or recognise in any manner our small contribution to the nation. We pay taxes in every aspect of our lives,IT,ST on covering our lives and health etc.To add to our misery we get swindled by builders, bribes,hospitals. Why cant the goverment give some non monetary/monetary  advantages. Category Cards for preferential treatment at goverment offices,hospitals are some of them.
3 0 Rural Development - I feel it can be a 3 step process. (1) Create village clusters (2) Initiate co-operative value adding industries for local produce (3) create co-operative transport system for transporting the products to cities or mandies. Product processing or development or Value must be added at local level to increase earnings for basic producer. Villagers must create wealth in their villages by value addition to their produce at local levels.
2 0 Indian govt. should start a campaign to the starting of  online crowdfunding, this can help many startups to take their business to next level. This can also helps in job creation.
1 0 I have some points regarding this program #1: Kindly give the opportunity to those interested peoples who have successfully qualified BCA/MCA/BTech of rural background peoples and till not doing any jobs. #2: Kindly add IT infrastructure topics in your proposed curricula. #3: Also introduce about Supply Chain Management, Material Resource Planning and ERP system. #4: I think over all are very good for rural peoples.
0 1 PMO India... People of Gujarat would feel cheated if you regularise iilegal contruction of Delhi colonies without charging impact fee which Gujarat Government has earned over last three year amounting to Rs. 300 crore... It would be pure cheating to the people of Gujarat.. Please do not  do injustice.. People of Gujarat are not full..I am feeling cheated.. Many people might be feeling the same but not reacting but would react in 2017.Pls do justice to Gujaratis who have paid Rs. 300 crore.
2 0 PMO India...Petrol prices are reduced...but prices of other commodities have doubled...Say its prices of cosmetic, food and other items.. It has increased... This would affect the government's image towards intesity for change in the life of normal people of India who has voted you for development. People has trusted you.. Please ensure that trust is maintained and prices are controlled...Please.. before its too late...
0 0 First of all the creation of content should not be done through tenders . Tenders spoil everything . There should be a separate organisation under the Education Ministry which takes in only trained and skilled professionals  to do their work ( Eg: DRDO)
1 1 Climate change:•	Catastrophic releases of methane from the oceans are leading to rapid increases in methane in the atmosphere and the consequent warming. Steps to be taken to reduce these methane increase as well as usage of these methane to the substitute of fuel energy
1 0 Climate change:Longer term catastrophic effects :•	Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets are melting. Unless checked, warming from emissions may trigger the irreversible meltdown of the Greenland ice sheet in the coming decades, which would add up to a seven meters rise in sea-level over some centuries. New evidence showing the rate of ice discharge from parts of the Antarctic means that it is also facing a risk of meltdown.•
1 0 Climate change:There will be spread of disease and declines in agricultural production in the developing countries of Africa, Asia and the Pacific. At all scales of climate change, developing countries will suffer the most.
1 0 Climate Change:The global incidence of drought has already doubled over the past 30 years. Severe regional impacts. Example: River flooding will increase and in coastal areas the risk of flooding, erosion and wetland loss will increase substantially. The existing risks of species extinction and biodiversity loss will increase.The greatest impacts will be on the poorer countries least able to protect themselves from rising sea levels.
1 0 The current or projected impacts of climate change in country India (rising average temperature, rainfall, possibly changes in weather extremes)Relatively likely and early effects of small to moderate warming: •	Rise in sea level due to melting glaciers and the thermal expansion of the oceans as global temperature increases. Massive release of greenhouse gases from melting permafrost and dying forests. A high risk of more extreme weather events such as heat waves, droughts and floods.
1 0 Suggestion:DeitY along with MOD and MHA for India-Country’s Safety :  Instruments to be fixed in all Indian Coastal areas to monitor  and for early warning alert of any vessel/ Known or unknown object crossing  Indian Coastal International Borders towards entering to India without any  interruption/without communication failure.  Instrument   should give 1. Alert of the Vessel/known or unknown object.2. Alert before few nautical miles apart from the Indian Coastal International Borders.3. Alert
1 0 Suggestion : 1. Initiative to be taken by DeitY along with NDMA in Disaster Management.  Instruments to be used in all the houses (at least in all identified disaster zone) only for the disaster alerts and action plan during emergency. The alerts and action plan by GOI/NDMA to be communicated only through the instrument without interruption/without communication failure.  Awareness to the people /mock drill etc to be given to all people to meet the emergency before the effect. Advanced technolog
0 0 Give power to the people to create and maintain and let them rate it.The creators can be paid just like Google Adsense or Youtube Partnership Programme.
1 0 Happy New Year 2015 to all of you
2 0 The delays and cost overruns, under utilization of resources prevail at all level in Indian Infrastructure Project. The economic growth depends on its key resources perform to or exceed baseline productivity and efficiency target. If a Nation’s productivity increases day by day, the Economy will run smoothly and reduce Government Expenditure. So Infrastructure Project Completion on Time and Within Cost Reduce High Government Expenditure.
1 0 India does not compare favourably with other countries in executing projects. Data from government and industry suggest that on average, each project suffers from 20 to 25 per cent time and cost over-runs, while in some sectors this is as high as over 50 per cent. Further, discussions with leading industry players suggest that Indian providers (engineering, procurement and construction or EP&C companies) often fail to tap significant opportunities to reduce time and cost.
2 1 Infrastructure projects in India are infamous for delays and cost overruns. Recently commissioned, Bandra-Worli Sea Link amply demonstrates the state of project delivery system in the country. What was planned as a Rs 300 Crore project to be completed by 2004 has actually cost Rs 1,600 crore along with a delay of five years. Indeed, very few projects get delivered in time and on cost. More importantly India is set to shell out an additional Rs. 1,24,000/- crore due to delays in project.
0 0 VARIOUS GOVT ORGANIZATIONS, VIZ BANKS AND PASSPORT OFFICE ARE NOT ACCEPTING e-AADHAR AS PROOF OF RESIDENCE, BUT INSIST FOR ORIGINAL DOCUMENTS. YOUR INTERVENTION IS SOUGHT TO ISSUE NECESSARY GUIDLINES ON THE ISSUE.
1 0 in my view, in military organisation many officer are  indulge in corruption as well as   IAS  in civil. whereas they are taking high incentive and convenience from GOI.  they have no interest in nationality and have  a dictatorship view.   it is  not a good sign  for healthy India.  the power  of money to expense give  stimulation. for stop the  this wrong sign , pl strengthen  the  Audit and  payment  chennel  of defence.
0 0 Mananiya Modiji,  The land in which we about 500 families are living belonged to local board. We are living here far more than 80 Yrs. In 1970 an order was passed  to sattle all with permanent patta but steel we are not sattled for which we ara living an inferior life. So I reguest u to feel   our problem and give us justice. Thank you.
0 0 First of all we should put discipline and civik sense among all the people of India and each every village, town, cities of all the States and Union Teritories of India. Arun Dhandhania
1 0 For digital marketing course for eg: every commodity should be classified into categories and then each one should have their specification price picture from diff. angle its manufacturer,&multiple payment option.Obviously it would be great if you allow users to create account that can be directly linked to their bank account which is a part of pm gram dhan yojna..it will be eco-friendly also...that's it.Thank Yoy
0 0 That too in your home constituency...What police dept is doing in state.. our govt is concerned with only external or border security, neglecting internal security which will downgrade the India's reputation in global level ..and the fore said incident has stepped into unhrc ... I hope our govt will address the issue.. Thank you..
1 0 Respected PM Modi sir ji,I'm strongly upset with security provided by our govt to women's in our country...especially in northern part like u.p and Bihar where there is negligible or no security has been provided...Being a country like India where we give lot of respect for women's seems diminishing...Being a big fan of you I strongly condemn the murder of a girl from Setting her ablaze by 3 men's who were stalking her from past 6 months are not been arrested and they are roaming freely..
0 0 Dear Sh. Modiji, Firstly, I am giving heartly congretulation to you, for taked lead of Govt. of india with full majority, I wishes for best success I want to share my idea & some strtagy with you personally, I have some simple but most imaging idea to bring out black manoy domestic & as well abroad, without more effert, no much expenses & very short time, I am sure if It will be apply stretagy/policy, India made corruption free in very short period, & India will be done Economically very strong
1 0 Modi sir aaj k time digital marketing course bhaut hi important h future me bhi iski bhaut maang hogi but sir village me government school me computer bhi nhi h wha boys and girls 12 kr lete h but unhe computer ki knowledge hi nhi ho pati kuch village me computer h wha computer teacher hi nhi h plz India k villages me computer k sath teacher bhi phucha do tabhi desh me digital marketing ko success milegi. That's ok sir
1 0 While purchasing any house. We pay stamp duty and we have to pay bribe to authorities otherwise they don't register in Punjab.
0 0 Income Tax There should be no income tax. See Dubai. There is no income tax, but still they are running their emirates. They do not have income from oil or gas. They have all indirect taxes, which are automatically paid by rich people spending more. But there is no headache of maintaining record of income and explaining your expenditure to any one.
1 0 Respected Modi sir , I would like to bring to notice that police is treating citizens differently ....like in Bangalore if we go to police station and try to lodge a complain and we from the north dont know Kannada then they say go first learn Kannada then come .....being an Indian citizen it is ma right that no matter in which part of the country we are and which language we speak ,i have the right to get my compliant being registered in any police station and in any language .
3 0 To, Minister of Education Her highness,Smriti Irani. Respected madam, ever after these many years of independence relatively less heed has been given towards the syllabus of history of the students.It is equally important that the student learn about the glorious past of India..as muchas they learn about the Mughals and the British. But today history of mughals and british lasts for 60-600 lines whereas hostory of Shivaji gets over in just 6 lines?? MACAULAY EDUCATION to be ABOLISHED.....
3 0 sir narendra modi please ban the gutka,pan masala and cigarate as early as possible
2 0 it should be region specific, in regional language, It should work as a platform for faculties/ resource persons and students
1 0 A best way to develop digital marketing in India through e-commerce is better as our Prime minister had given a great idea about Make In India project, Encourage our Indian manufacturers with the spirit of profit create an opportunity for them through e-commerce website might be no doubt if they try to sell their products in the e-website with some great offers might be the society will come across the digital thing.
2 0 Due to deposition of silt in river beds and and  ponds  the capcity of  absorving  water  have been much reduced, resulting in  dry bore well and normal wells in the vicinity of river bed. Silt removing should be  a priority  to reinstate the water  table.  By removing silt  flood bearing will  increase  more  water will be  available  in the rivers and its vicinity. A  chain is there.  In buildings we can use water harvesting  in small channels we use stop dam to increase water avalibility.
0 0 Already same course is provied by Manipal. First of all we can have experts called from google, Facebook and professors from institutes providing related courses. Then get a domain and DO NOT GIVE ITS CONTRACT TO NIC as they are very poor, go with some other Private Indian company. Then post all the material there. Develop an app for windows/Android for reading it offline. Then an exam if student passes it then give him a recognized degree and material should update every year.
2 0 Only question is why people pay for toll tax? As government charged registration charges in thousands on each motor car and motorcycle commercial vehicle paid extra in tax . also gov. Charged R's. 4/- per ltr on petrol and diesel than why we should pay for any toll tax in India.
0 0 Good Morning, 1)In the webpage "mygov.in" once we click on the various subjects & then if we click on the "home" tab it does not lead to the main page of the web site. its a small inconvinience. 2) also you can leave a web page here for sending our opinions in genearal directly to PM. you can name it as " talk to PM". here one can leave his comments,suggestions on any issue. a open mail box. Jai Bharath
1 0 This masege is for pmo and related commission i hope it should be discussed.
2 0 My qus. Is on toll TeX it is more then R's.2/- per km. It is too much is there any way of tax free road in india
1 0 Govt has to concentrate on development process instead of wasting their precious time on petty issues which are draining out the Govt time & energy. Time lost cannot be put back and the public's memory are very volatile. The Govt should consolidate their show good improvement so that this Govt can aspire for further term after 2019. Public is watching every move of this Govt. This Govt should not give any fodder for  the opposition to condemn this Govt.
0 0 In Vidharbha Area the condition of Soya Oil manufacturing companies are in the verge of closure as no seed are available and many of the employees are being retrenched.No import of soya seed is being allowed due to which most of the factories closed. Next crop of soya seeds are expected only n October this year. This has not only hampered the oil production but also the feed products for poultry & fish. Government has to immediately take measures for importing soya seeds for tide over the crisis
0 0 I  am  giving the plan to make India sports superpower
1 0 IMDIAN RAILWAYS: First and foremost, we must CONCENTRATE on CLEANLINESS & GOOD KEEP UP of the COMPARTMENTS, PLATFORMS, AS ALSO MOST IMPORTANT - THE SIDES OF RAILWAY TRACKS IN CITIES - IT IS A NIGHTMARE - GARBAGE IS THROWN ON THE SIDE OF THE TRACKS, BEFORE YOU LEAVE THE CITY OR TOWN, YOU CAN SEE ALL THE FILTH/GARBAGE/WASTE/thrown on the side of the tracks. THIS MUST BE STOPPED. EVEN THE QUALITY & MAINTENANCE OF PANTRY KITCHENS & CATERING STAFF.is very important, hygene, cleanliness must be kept .
0 0 Online voting should be started as soon as possible so that youth residing outside their state can contribute positively..
0 0 The world of digital works under to access information.To identify those level of requirement from rural to urban population is very essential.The computing level of peoples participation must level to various steps.Example user lever of basic operations, Application program to operates, effective practical use of such applications benefits,Users interest and interactive methods of teaching and advance level of program developments.From standard book to digital books, forms entry,Internets, mail
2 0 In digital india why not make a system of digital street lights which litup automatically depending on the daylight sensors. In whole of india there may be thousands of street lights which are not switched off on time and remain on during some hours of the day and sometimes even the whole day. Thus causing wastage of electricity and municipal funds which can then be used for other purposes like swacch bharat.I live in Moga punjab and see the lights on in streets during daytime but can't do much.
0 0 no new developmental activities should be done in the zone which are under river flood area. Instead this money can be  used for  re habilitation of  citizens of river flood are to new  places this way the effect of flood can be minimized. The priority should be given for smart cities to flood and cyclone effected areas.
0 1 if we start  using electric  tram cars in medium  size cities  Implementation will be faster with less money input will immediately lighten load on public transport and roads and we have to expend less on pollution borne heath problems and accidents.
0 0 for connecting villages with cities and other villages idea of making tram ways is cost effective for operation and maintenance. The tram can carry 3, 4 bogies with the help of electricity which in turn can be generated from solar and wind power forms . The weight of tram can be kept lighter with inbuilt battery solar penals and drive motor in every bogie. The speed of the tram is slow eliminating risk of collision and accidents. The tack can be shared commercially for carrying goods.>less...
0 0 with new up coming high ways and expressways  track for cycles and walkers should be constructed at least on one side with shaded sitting area  at  1 km distance . this will be a 4 lane highway one lane pair for  heavy vehicles, one lane pair for light motor vehicles and motorcycles  one track for cycles and  cycle riksha  tonga and bullock cart  and one track for citizens travelling on foot. In between motorized area and non motorized lanes there may be broad space for  commercial activities.
1 1 each & every vendor on railway platform, using paper plates etc for serving food items must mention there name of shop on plates so that if any such plate or paper found thrown out side the dust bin will be responsibility of such vendor and can be penalised accordingly
0 0 digital marketing course in using e-commerce site - Success in Harmony
0 0 i say n submit that mini water treatment plant i.e multi stage ,be constructed within the nalla stream by making bunds so that depandency on one plant is avoided and in the plant be constructed at village level which may reduce water pollution and farming by using polluted water causing mannny diseases
2 0 CREATION OF CONTENT FOR DIGITAL MARKETING COURSE IN USING E-COMMERCE SITE IS MUCH MORE IMPORTANT IN PRESENT SITUATION OF OUR COUNTRY.
1 0 Need to make adhaar card more stronger by adding additional details (Job history, eduction history, PAN, Passport etc.) Such details can be provide by University and Offices or Companies to Government so they can update these all details. Can make more effective to track the data of the indian and NRI's.
1 0 In my view, a special part of social media marketing, content marketing, email marketing,  basics of SEO, SEM, google adwords, google analytics, google ads campaign, should also be provided so that they can get  basics of online marketing.
1 0 My suggestion on national security. As everybody knows that we don't have single identification number which can track all our records (Address,Education,Job history, PAN, Passport, ID and other Proof) even in addhar Card we don't have education & jobs data. if anyone commit crime in xyz location its really hard to find the details of the person so india needs one identification number for all citizen. Also All security agency should be sync with each other to share such information. Jai Hind
0 0 pg. 2 e-commerce offers multiple benefits to society by enabling uninhibited growth of entrepreneurial ventures, creating an inclusive ecosystem, promoting SME growth and providing direct and indirect livelihood to many.
1 0 Content should extensively speak about the Product, in first place. 2 dly Place. Then about Pricing, & promotion. People's involvement in internet & buying habits should be dealt with. How to cull out information from the net, What are social media & their implications on buying habits of people, What is the role of communities and how are people changing their spending habits shall be dealt with in detail.
3 0 Indian hand loom products, bamboo made handicrafts, many products which are uniquely produced by our tribal people etc should be promoted via e commerce. The persons who are employed in such manufacturing units should be found out. Such people should be educated about the scope of e commerce and they can be given a digital marketing course by NIELIT.
2 0 The once strong Indian handicraft industry can be given a boost if Govt can provide a platform to market their products in the global market.Foreign  tourists are always attracted by our handicrafts. So if there is a provision for them to buy such things without a visit then it will be beneficial to our producers. Delivery can be done through postal department with a collaboration with International postal union.We should make use of our heritage services according to needs of modern age.
1 0 Digital marketing course should contain necessary basic topics about computer and internet usage. This facility should reach every citizen irrespective of  his educational qualification. Providing proper knowledge about the scope of marketing is important. Provisions should be made to sell indigenous products to anybody in the world. Then only revenue generation will be enhanced.For that Govt has to provide the basic helps
0 0 It should be better if Government itself starts a portal market the products of small industries. Linking postal department for good deliverance of these products can also be utilized. First of all common rural people should be convinced by this new generation marketing and for that Govt help is necessary. If this scheme is working Govt can urge them to make separate portals and market their products of their own. So computer education should be promoted.
0 0 these things to be more focus in coming future for govt GIS for micro-planning sms for p2p networking sms for information networks mobiles for data collection inexpensive tablets as personal devices for video based learning and capacity building voice based e-lists accessed through mobile phones social media for networking, capacity building and information exchange participatory videos for p2p learning and networking Community Knowledge centres for community knowledge management
1 0 The digital world is full of crooks, and considering the little knowledge these people will have,, the course should contain DON'Ts and not just DO's. This will help them stay away from the cheats. It is a great initiative in order to make available a very huge market to those who are the base in India's manufacturing industry.
1 0 FOLLOWING COURSES/SUBJECTS SHOULD BE TAUGHT FOR SHORT TERM DIPLOMA IN DIGITAL MARKETING (DURATION CAN BE 10 DAYS TO 01 MONTH), BUT CANDIDATE SHOULD HAVE BASIC KNOWLEDGE OF COMPUTER BEFORE JOINING THIS DIPLOMA PROGRAMME: Introduction to Digital Marketing, Search Engine Marketing, Pay Per Click, Display Marketing, Email Marketing, Social Media Marketing, Mobile Marketing, Analytics, Strategy and Planning,
1 0 Digital marketing help all to search good products and all get at their doorstep all branded item as well as in discount rate.its good proposal for indian.
0 0 Idea of forming New ministry called `Ministry of Systems Engineering', and new Dept's will be `Central Department of Systems Engg'  & `State Departments of Systems Engg'. And this Ministry will work as `Facilitator' for all other Ministries, to Study & Improve existing work Processes & Procedures, Design & develop new systems to manage complexities, find feasible solutions, optimise operations, reduce cost, improve productivity & overall Performance...& lot more. Tnx- Jai Hind !
0 0 The government of India should look towards the Oral Healthcare for the Underprivileged . I have prepared a Blueprint of the Project and it is on the facebook page as Global Oral Health Foundation Society an NGO formed for the said above purpose.
0 0 Advertisements for courses by the college is spoiling our youth. The universities advertised for courses with out the permission of competent authorities and also they are admitting the student excess than allowed. For these malpractices they should advertise with allotment number. And also each college should send email and the allotment letter to the student with the admission list for each course with communication address of the each student. This will save the life of the student.
0 0 We should introduce a new course for Computer Science that actually covers commonly used projects not only coding student should not learn any specific programming language they should  learn concepts of all languages and also Pro concepts like APIs , Payment gateways etc...   and make the courses available on line also
1 1 Respected all I am suggesting that use LED bulb instead of CFL n formal bulbs to save energy as electricity. Rgrds Krishna
1 0 educate the peoples for things first
0 0 Am certified practicing consultant in Digital Marketing having more than 15 years exp... Please provide more details/draft to make it more robust with real time examples/case studies and at the same time with right pedagogy for better understanding of the targeted segments of citizens
1 0 This is basics of Computer technology which is mainly already knows by young sters and after 12th students , we can add this as syllabus in 1st year collage of any stream and Diploma , what students have to do is as project they need to go at CSC center or each District needs to organize (MP of this disctrict can take responsibility ) Training of the same , this will benifits to Students - Young people to build skill within them also.
1 0 First basics is to give everyone computer litteracy for that everyone should atleast know baisics of computer how to use internet how to email etc etc and than important is to provide everyone computer for all the bamks operating in rural areas should provide loans on easy t&c. In schools atleast computer education should be taken seriously and it should be free(without any fee) so that every student can learn computer without any financialproblem. Atleast in schools and college govt should do.
1 0 instead of giving suggestion i want to send a draft fir the course. Draft will be prepared after three sessions of  formal/informal  meetings of 3-4 people who are friends of mine and havinge indepth knowledge of this subject.
1 0 1st of all reduce all charges from payment gateway including service charge by bank. and also make the use of debit card liberal without charging any transaction cost by bank.
1 1 Government can allow 100% free internet connection for every bank account holder  or rationcard holder allover the country.
1 0 E commerce will be effective only when it approach to all the Peoples of India. But in rural areas such as ours, 50% of the population does not know how to operate computer. I am trying my best to cooperate such people. But the area is vast, so i need the help of Govt. to enable maimum no. of persons to operate computer and come and stand with the whole country and world. Our oragnisation is helping many people to be literate in the field of Computer. But we have some limitations, if supported we can do it. Thanks
0 0 Strange! Indians have just proved how good they are in e-commerce & have attracted huge investments! Pl. approach them to not frame content of course but also to lead in administering and evaluating any such e-commerce course. Right persons needed to guide such sensitive courses, where, life and death ( or, demise of businesses) are all a matter of wrong moves/ judgments with no scope for second / third attempts.
0 1 Scan copy of cheques instead of physical cheques for clearing for net banking account holders Net banking account holders are presently only making all payments and transfers themselves. For clearing physical cheques are presented in bank for scanning and processing it for clearing. Submission of scanned cheques should be allowed for clearing. This will reduce unnecessary paper work, visit to the bank and work load of bank too.
1 0 eCommerce involves the sale or purchase of goods and services over computer networks by NOFN for villagers via Lotus Notes deployment by businesses, individuals, governments or other organisations. E-Commerce for digital requires many shops in villages where an e-expert can deliver on behalf of villagers, try to make them computer literate, make them confident about email, their grivances, sale and purchase for agriculture, proper pricing, even via mobile, customer e-digitized lotus notes e-com
0 0 Hello, Course should contain – Awareness of the product and use of the product for digital media. Difference in Software/Hardware/Applications should understand. Basic handling of the hardware and ethical use of the software and internet for the digital media. Insist or focus on use of E-Governance and communication like email or online request forms. Basic categorization of Hardware / Software and Internet.
0 0 In continuation to my earlier Post I fail to see the topic of digital marketing strategy in the course content. Such a course  should be concluded with a case study where the trainees are led through the whole phase of digital marketing. It will be very instructive indeed. Moreover, a dictionary containing computer terminology in English as well as various Indian languages should be prepared and  distributed at such courses.The terms should be explained in simple manner.
0 0 Section on Introduction to internet should in addition to others also contain 1) "How to create a Website" and 2) and " How to create a blog and other content". Furthermore I think that practical hours in this section should be increased to around 8 since digital marketing relies on the use on the use of internet.  Perhaps a simple test at the end of this very section will help to see if the trainees really understand the basics of internet.
0 0 I have seen the draft for e commerce website and training in computer. NIELIT done such a good work. It is raly job oriented course and one important in thing is also mentioned in course that is about importance & role of e commerce website like- amazon and flipkat( leading e commerce website in India). Three benifits like- job oriented course, job creation and Business man can join the group of Buyer and Seller by this this e-commerce website. Realy perfect...Thank You
1 0 video content should be provided in local languages. Content should not contain any jargons but simple storytelling is required. I have created hundreds of such videos which provide info on finance, governance, sanitation and education. may create for gov too.
0 0 Before giving them guidance of Digital world we have to teach them a cyber security law.As there is a big problem of today's IT field is that millions of users but very few are aware with it's security aspect.
1 0 Points to be considered for content development in this project. 1) Target audience - Rural population 2) Localization of content (As per target location) 3) e-Learning/App based content (Delivery ease) 4) Infrastructure availability - (Include content in Smartphone/device like Aakash tablet) 5) Bandwidth availability in target locations Once content prepared considering these ideas, then go to market strategy to be prepared. NIELIT can work with Community livelihood centres for delivery.
1 0 Suggestion For : NIELIT (National Institute of Electronics and IT) has developed a draft course outline on Digital Marketing in using e-Commerce sites for the rural populace to attain a basic level of computer literacy. The Institute seeks your comments regarding the content of the draft course. 1.	Remove contact teacher system. Please hire teachers as regular employee, vendor who are supplying teachers at low cost , they are not efficient. 2.	Provide printed study materials and link for Self
0 0 declare all the freedom fighter & revolutionary BHARAT RATNA, They are still terrorist it hurts us & Our Swaraj.
0 0 Develop the tournament of sports at gram panchayat level & fund support the sportsman.better coach & health facility at panchayat level.
0 0 In addition syllabus should include creating audio, video files, digital photographs and uploading them on the eCommerce sites. This way they can display their products on the site in different manners and include verbal descriptions also. This will require training them to interface camera, mic  and/or mobile phones with computers. This can also form part of the syllabus.
0 0 The Contents Important point needs to be highlited. Better to have audio option as well. It would be good if articulated that " After completing the cources if trainee are interested for job do have any plan for it".
0 0 Google provides the digital marketing course and study contents for free. Why would people buy it from an e-commerce store. Moreover google certification is far more reaching than any other agency. Infact govt should work on developing courses like the one already present on Vikaspedia but please make sure it doesn't stick there all alone for the whole year. Add a few courses to it.
0 0 Suggestions for content should be in the form of Visuals.Content in the form of slides should be in Hindi/English.Video should be made & uploaded in youtube. Deck/presentation of the course to be shared on FB & twitter. A web page as educational material to be created for people willing to be partners/vendors willing to sell their produce or who want to be end consumers.Books & e-books with basics on using e-commerce site to be made available in Hindi & English.
1 0 Content Can Be Like: 1. Graphic Designing, Editing & Adjusting 2. Photography and video editing, combining, adjusting But Before It Practical knowledge on Camera and Video Recorder Use should be given. 3. Animation making, editing, adjusting 4. Content Requirement or We Can say Demand Oriented Content Based Planned execution. 5. Marketing Strategies 6. Reaching Target Customer That's it . I am not a marketing Student But I Think this should be that is FIRST STEP:Digital Literacythan Rules
1 0 my village name: khambhali, plz help of my village school building devlopment
0 0 sir we have to start all the education by computer of some other like gadgets then it will also help to country by pollution  and give digital education to us.
0 0 Sir a man who knows to use computer can use internet and hence Can do any online transaction so the need of the hour is to Go for Digital India first..then only this will be taske place.
0 0 Good idea start an MBA in it, but problem lies with HRD ministries and universities they take 3 years granting approval by that time golden bird will be lost.
1 0 For Rural population, literacy in computer start with Basic Games, then it should start with Google search for their Village road, if one start from one Village to another Village,how much time it take, very basic to create awareness among rural population and slowly to some constructive knowledge in Computers, instead of teaching Computers as is available in Urban area. Uneven in City, computers became popular with basic Games and end up in deep knowledge thr.Google....
1 0 It is good idea but problem is that for example a weaver buy or source raw material on credit basis from local sellers/financer with some condition like buy back all finished product therefore the proposed course content or govt. web site should also elaborate list or govt. approved sellers of specific raw material in each districts/town with information of price, subsidy, loan facility etc. so that each individual craftsman could not be made bondage by financier, middleman.
1 0 In india still many villages school has not reached and wherever reached the standard still question mark.We must concentrate on basic education system, quality and effectiveness.Digital marketing will grow automatically. But still I suggest this kind of course can be applied into schools and colleges from 8th std onwards so that they will grow like entrepreneurs by doing part-time jobs.To implement these courses Govt. should take private partners with effective feedback system.
1 0 I think course content is incomplete. Nielit must add spoken english, english typing & hindi typing because most of rural students don't understand english and otherside most of work of computer is in english only. If Nielit add these content students will be able for job. Course will helps these students to improve their life standards by getting a suitable job.
2 0 This has to be voice recording for the non literates and the pages has to open on the mobile screen, like railway inquiry
0 1 The NIELT Digital Marketing tries to include too much in one course. Instead of starting with 'Intro to computers" and intro to word processing and excel, a basic level of computer literacy including internet access to browse websites, email account, etc., should be made a pre-requisite. Rest of the digital marketing concepts need more than the alotted time to be comprehensive and  useful in a profitable way. May be only 1 or 2 sites, like Amazon and Ebay should be concentrated on instead of all
0 0 Lets Create Entrepreneurs within us, and be independent with the help of digital marketing. Entrepreneurship is a course, Which helps us to explore our ideas and talent. Thanks, Priyanshu Jain MD - Absolute Dimension Pvt Ltd Patna (Bihar) +91 9004685065 priyanshu.jain@sacservices.in
1 0 To implement the digital India in the rural area it is big challenges to capacity building of the rural people with respect to the use of communication and information technology. Most of the application websites are developed in English (like e-trading, e-commerce, e-banking, e-education and govt. website are also in English) all such websites must be redesigned in bilingual/regional language. The basic computer training material/ course designed in regional langues. Also try to develop the in
1 0 Most of the older generation and rural people does not use technology due to a language barrier. most software is used by other Indians in English and hence participating for non-English speakers is hard. WE SHOULD ENCOURAGE THE USE OF APP DEVELOPMENT IN REGIONAL LANGUAGES. Also, we should teach everyone to use INSCRIPT KEYBOARDS with which one can type in most Indian languages without knowing the script and/or push for phonetic input on social media for people only using qwerty keyboards.
0 0 Dear sir, availability of e  marketing should b based in app. Formet. And I'm interested to do for my village.With heart. 8896472960
0 0 Pool in people who stick posters or distribute pamphlets and ask them to advertise along with these people. Ask them to share the cost of advertising ensure that all types of services like  movies shows, other events, schedule of bus routes, and other nearby locality maps are all present in the website along with the products they are selling through e-commerce.
1 0 please add this contain all language- 1-how its works? 2-how to sale aggriculture prodoct online in all over world 3- how to broadcost all product in all language 4- how to use single person digital marketing.
0 0 curriculum for digital marketing course 1.html 2.java 3.internet banking 4.internet security 5.animation module -maya 6.e commerce 7.courier and logistics 8.practicals :web designing
1 0 Course should contain - 1. How E-commerce works - we can explain the concepts of elimination of mediator from supply chain. 2. E-Commerce benefits in individual daily Life. - Can analyze  market from Computer itself for anything by comparing the various sites/products etc.
0 1 You should accept that target people e.g. craftsman, are not having enough skills to acquire IT knowledge ( Due to language, complexity in operation, supply of power, internet connectivity etc) it would be rather better if they concentrate more in their area of work to produce better and affordable products and it would be better if you target those who are operating Jan seva center etc for such training to get your objective done.
0 0 Add a module on "Effective communication and presentation". Add tests and exams after end of every module.
0 0 The objective is good. The content should be written in a very simple language with translations available in local languages. The emphasis should be 'Learning by Practice'. This means that the course should be mostly practical oriented. More than the course content, the sincerity in implementation is of paramount importance. We have seen in the past that many such government schemes become a means of swindling the government funds with hardly any benefits reaching the target audience.
1 0 The course should also contain topic on the rights of the customer. Also very important is the governing laws on digital marketing. Some countries are very specific on mass emailing campaigns. One need to understand the law of the country, else has to face legal challenge.
0 0 1. e-commerce concepts 2. How to initiate e-commerce. 3. Processes involve in e-commerce. 4. Role of Digital Marketing in e-commerce. 5. Sources of Digital Marketing - Portal based, Social Media based, Mobile based. 6. SWOT analysis of each source of Digitial marketing including the cost involved. 7. Frequency of digital marketing upgradations.
0 1 The course should be in English language so they can refer to text from global websites. If someone registers in group then it should be free of cost. It will encourage more people to join.
0 0 In our India already the public libraries are setuped all over india, So people of our country can make use of such libraries, and response of people is also good, They come to libraries and read the books news papers etc. So I think first the people should have computer operating knoweledge, this is possible by setuping the public computer training centers all over india, So people come and lean the basic computer operating knowledge to the centers.
1 0 Course should in state language with simple experience.
0 0 Required for microsoft certificate exams as lowest price by government which is really helpful for all the students who wants to make career in COMPUTER field. Thank you.
1 0 first make them literate to read write and speak simple english, hindi and their mother tongue. they are struggling to earn a livelihood. once the basics at least the communication than the digital tools will be helpful.
0 0 Please feel free to use my study guide - http://www.learnxpress.com/computer-fundamentals.html
1 0 Required a University for the Designers like (Website Designers, Auto cad designers, Fashion designers) Because industry required these profiles in bulk to improve digital india
1 0 Fundamental Computer education & e-commerce plattform be in his regional language. If Contents of website will be in regional language so, it will be easy for learn.
0 0 Success in teaching comes by catching young minds. Design a course for teaching Digital Marketing as an important section within the subject known as 'Science' for students of 9th class onwards in all schools.
0 0 There should be framework created by center with guidelines and the contents part will be handled by local clusters depending upon their needs
1 0 The things are targeted should be in regional languages
0 0 Experiential Learning will happen only when they have electronic gadgets on hand.  For every participant, consider providing Tablet Pc with Internet connectivity. Every serious B2B sites require cumbersome registration procedure. Educate them to fulfill the registration process.  How to capture their innovative products using Digital Camera, convert them into optimal size and educate them to upload the images, educate them to write a few words about their creativity would help them promote.
2 0 Before we talk on educating rural india on digital marketing, ecommerce, firstly we need to think about on which languages still large population of india is not comfortable in english rather interested in getting explanations in their own languages. however, it becomes very important to focus either on content on local languages or in one indian language (could be hindi) then comes the educating exercise and the best medium is to replicate pm's discussion on chai formulla with mutimedia form
1 0 i think the content should be in regional language so that it could be also beneficial to youth from rural and village background .
1 0 In Today's world of Digital Marketing , the main core area is Internet security. People who are aware about the computer security are more comfortable on Internet marketing & shopping. So my suggestion would be more awareness about safe payment techniques & integrate Rupee Debit Card of Jan Dhan Yojna for direct Payment. The next big thing is target customer i.e SEO (Search Engine Optimization) , the power of basic search enable us to reach the target.
1 0 I HAVE SMALL IDEA THAT IS "INTIALLY ALL YOUNG OR CHILDRENS WHO ARE CURRENTLY DOING THEIR EDUCATION FROM RURAL AREAS MUST BE SELECTED FROM EACH FAMILY , THEN THEY MUST PROVIDED WITH DIGITAL MARKETING COURSE"FOR A PARTICULAR PERIOD ,& THEY MUST INSTRUCTED TEACH THE COURSE TO THEIR FAMILY, THIS WILL MAKE SOME AWARENESS AMONG THEM ABOUT E-COMMERCE SITES ,OTHERWISE THIS COURSE CAN BE TAUGHT TO INDIVIDUALS SIMPLY BY PROVIDING A AWARENESS PROGRAM IN EACH STREET OF A PARTICULAR VILLAGE. THANK YOU....
1 0 MY FACEBOOK PAGE IS 'CLEANDELHIMYRIGHT' ... I WANT TO WORK WITH THE LOCAL COUNCELLORS AND BODIES TO MAKE OUR STREET, ROADS CLEAN AND INCREASE THE GREENERY AROUND.  THERE ARE SMALL THINGS WHICH WE CAN DO AND CAN ACHIEVE THE COMPLETE SANITATION AND CLEANINESS AROUND. IT WILL NOT BE AN  EXTRA COST TO US BUT JUST DOING THE WORK DIFFERENTLY AND DOING SMALL EXPENSES TO ACHIEVE COMPLETE SANITATION. PLEASE MAKE ME A PART OF THIS PROGRAM. I WANT TO CLEAN OUR CITIES OUR WAY TO BRING THEM ON PAR WITH..
1 0 Governance - Treat and make Indian Administrative Service as Indian Management Service; IAS into IMS. Each IAS must be evaluated on the basis or their managerial capabilities - ability to solve problems. Rules, power to make decisions, responsibilities and accountability must be defined. These must be made public. Their roles vis-a-vis MLAs and MPs must be defined. Make all this public. IMS must be accountable for development in their ministries. Same must be done with Indian Police. IPS.
0 0 Post plus 5class,start the process.
1 0 I have made an App for pm website mailed information to admin of mygov and messaged info to pm interact with honorable pm but no reply not even click on that link waiting for response. Or please notify me where should i mail or message all information regarding the app
1 0 Part X-Task force from NTPC, BHEL, CEA must be constituted to find solutions for technical, life cycle problems faced from 67,500 MW Chinese Power Plants that would be installed in India by 2016 Government of India should enforce contractual obligation from Chinese equipment suppliers on service facilities and spares manufacture, availability. Immediate, life cycle cost performance audit through CAG with assist from NTPC, BHEL, CEA experts required to fix accountability, responsibility.
0 0 Part IX Chinese Power Plants manufacturers promised to establish manufacturing facilities for ensuring; ready, immediate availability of insurance spares, routine maintenance spares, annual maintenance spares and breakdown maintenance spares; no such manufacturing facility established or functional so far; private sector, public sector state electricity boards, lending institutions, failed to carry out FRONT END APPRAISAL and DUE DILIGENCE before ordering and installing Chinese Power Plants.
0 0 Part VIII Chinese Plants need imported coal for BHEL PLF standards; result 125 Mn Ton Coal import (22-12-2014) cost @Rs.US$10 Bn (Rs.62,500Crs) foreign exchange outgo, 40 years lifecycle coal import cost (NPV) US $400 Bn (Rs.25 Lakh Crs); Chinese equipments cannot operate on Indian Coal or blend with imported, coal (20%); BHEL equipments capable on both counts. India 180 Mn Ton coal import, rail port logistics capacity saturated. Additional 125 Mn Ton capacity cost US $10Bn (Rs.62,500Crs).
0 0 Part VII Economic life cycle costs impact on Indian Economy from 67,500 MW Chinese equipments; capital cost loss due to 19.4% differential performance viz-a-viz average BHEL equipment consequent operational de-rating of installed capacity; 13,095 MW @Rs.6Crs/MW Rs.78,570Crs; annual recurring production loss for 40 years life span at 6.5 Million units@Rs.5/KWH, Rs.13,61,880Crs; total prospective loss impact Rs.14,40,450Crs; national loss responsibility accountability must be established.
0 0 Part VI None of Chinese Power Plants can operate with Indian Coal beyond PLF 57.2%, minimum operation PLF 67.5% necessary to service debts, return of principle. At 20% equity, 80% debt for Power Projects, serious non performing debt outstanding exists today for all those who loaned and invested from Public Sector, Private Sector Banks, Financial Institutions on Chinese Power Plants within India. Consequent non-performing assets in Banking Sector is Rs.3.5Lakh Crs unless Coal Imports are done.
1 0 Part V Chinese equipments performance are lower than that of BHEL by; PLF – 34%, operating heat rate – 7.8%, operating hours – 8.5%, downtime – 43.4%, productivity – 7.6%. Specific liquid fuel consumption were higher by 100%. Absence of Operational safety features Turbine Stress Evaluator, Auto Timeline Run Up Systems; automation control systems compromised Global safety standards, could cause human error mishaps, grossly violated CEA mandatory provisions technical operational standards.
0 0 Part-IV Ministry of Power ignored CEA 2008 report; failed to cross check and step back from the track record unsatisfactory performance of earlier imported Chinese Power Plants and their failure to perform in rest of the world. The CEA performance audit May 2013 comparative performance of BHEL, Chinese equipments revealed failure on Indian Coal and serious defaults on Chinese Power Plants 24,000 MW already installed and operating within India and 42,000 MW that would be commissioned by end 2016.
0 0 Part-III CEA Statutory Authority determining Power Plant Standards of manufacture and performance on commissioning; reported vide first report of Sept.2008 that Chinese Power Plants were not to the design standards determined by CEA or to Global Standards. Chinese Power Plants had delayed deliveries, frequent break downs; Prima-Face would not operate on Indian Coal, serious contractual defaults existed that could cause life cycle costs effectiveness on productivity and cost effective tariff.
0 0 Part-II BHEL one of India’s Global Standard Navaratnas has capacity to produce 20,000 MW/annum; along with NTPC, DRDO and ISRO were centres of excellence which has made India proud. BHEL installations constitute 67% of Coal Fired Thermal Power Plants; have performed with merit, credit and at National Thermal Power Corporation achieved commendable average of 82% PLF. For 10 years (2004-2014) BHEL was starved of orders; 67,500 MW defective Chinese Power Plants imports at US$67.5 Bn were done.
0 0 Part-I The National objective for MAKE IN INDIA prime mover is power availability and with reasonable affordable tariff comparable with China which today is the manufacturing capital and hub of the world. In 2014 Thermal Power Plants (Coal) is 1,48,478 MW and in 2016 it would be 1,70,000 MW. Manufacture Industry needs 24/7 Power without break; the backbone of power is Coal Fired Thermal Power Plants since alternative Nuclear Power Plants constitute only around 5% of installed capacity in India.
1 0 In my opinion to make India a superpower, we have to develop in all fronts.. First  and fore-most is to make India a economic superpower. For this declare two/three years ban on all disputed issues. We have to strive hard for improving our production in agriculture and make in India slogan a reality by make India a manufacturing hub for pin to aeroplanes just like china. We have to surpass our GDP growth for more than 10%. All these can be achieved only in a peaceful situation. Try for it.
0 0 It's better to create the HAND in place of cutting the HAND. It's a request not a suggestion...............
0 0 As we know that a proverb,"TOO MUCH OF ANALYSIS BECOMES PARALYSIS ".Same will happen if these type of courses introduced.Already millions of highly educated degrees are in dustbin of UNEMPLOYMENT.
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM,SUGGESTIONS FOR CREATING CREATION OF CONTENT FOR DIGITAL MARKETING COURSE IN USING E-COMMERCE SITE ARE TO PROCESS OF PRACTICALKNOWLEDGE ,SELECTING PROCESS OF ALL STUDENTS TO GETTING REQUIRED SERVICES ARE TOTALY BASED ON PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE NOT ONLY TO TAKE SCHEDULED KNOWLEDGE BUT SOMETHING MORE MUST BE ACHIEVED.
1 1 Selecting process of all engineering student to getting job is totaly based on practical knowledge not only  to take books knowledge Every student will prepare to making one technical thing that can make the gorup of every intelligent student in there technical field
1 0 A setback to the whole program is the lack of connectivity. If we talk rural India, we are talking about villages without proper electricity. The best possible internet connectivity to such villages is 2G network served by the telecom operator. You need to get Google Fiber to India and distribute it using meshed network. This will ensure 1.2 bn people receive internet. Get the ecommerce giants to sponsor a rural awareness campaign. Ask corporates to sponsor trainings and then recruit from there.
1 0 College should start initiative to send their engineering students in remote village as part of their summer internship for at lease 5 days of their BE/Btech course.In these 5 days they will give demo about what is laptop/computer,demo of internet.FB,whatsup.Also they can give information how they can get internet connection,internet service provider, charges etc.Also 1 day seminar with parents and children so both should get some feel about internet.Also local internet provider can give demo.
2 0 First step towards Surajya should be effective administration at village/town and cities level. Local administration should be empowered and held accountable, performance review and work progress reviews should happen for the their tasks and duties.  Public should have the effective mechanism for their grievances and their addressal. Government help line numbers should be setup for corruption complaints at each city/town level.
1 0 Technology is common in nowadays to develop our country all Indian should have minimum knowledge about technology.. All basic content to use the technology should be taught to all it motivates to know more about.how mobilephones covered india soon india will be full utilisation of Internet technology.
0 1 Every individual have AADAR card and than Govt setup a program to load all Assets of Individual. So that find out who is come under the Tax. One way of income of Govt.
1 0 Cottage techno hubs should be promoted for manufacturing cheap mobile phones and other accessories.This would help to prevent the growth of chinese products in markets.It would be great help for our techni youths for jobs and a great boost to make in India project.
1 0 Gov. should start the manufacturing of electronic items so that the effect of chin on the Indian economy diminish, the common people want to do that but having not a initial capital or knowledge he can't do so. if Gov. start this program with a good spirit give result as employment creation, economical growth and capital saving etc
1 0 It is very easy to save atleast 1 Unit or 1/2 unit ( 1Kwh) of electricty for every citizen in India, Thus we can save Crores of units / day. We observe many places street light are glowing in day times, In railway compartments, in Govt offices. If we can save only one unit of electricity, we can bring energy revolution. We should commit to avoid Energy waistage. Appliying Timers for street light to avoid humen on off control. Also we can use auto timers where not accessiblity to operate switches
1 0 Save Soul of Make in India!! It is very much painful to see captive power blocks are discriminated and separated from regulated tariff power plants. Odisha has several captive power plants whose coal blocks are cancelled, and in auctioning list, only one block is kept for them. All the large blocks are kept for power sector which disqualifies captive power plants for bid for such blocks! Polify Anatoly needs immediate correction dear PM! Only with competitive power India can be a global winner!
0 0 Now India got a excellent prime minister Modiji who gave swachh Bharath,surajya movement,mann ki baat and clean ganga and so on.we the people of india give support to him to do more .I hope he may save National small savings and give all citizens may insured .Thanks
1 0 We should a public e-commerce site operated by gov. The purpose of this site will be promoting products from area's of nation,including rural and urban. Government can provide free web space to them, as well as can utilise indian post service for product deliver. This site will be a public e-commerce portal as same as flipkart or Amazon.
0 0 Acceptabilty and future prospects of the course should be brought out sequentially
1 1 There should be an official website like PUBLICBOOK(alike to facebook)
0 0 Contents can also include demonstration on usage, misusages, some case studies,examples
0 0 Contents to include Definition,types,classification,usage of digital marketing
1 0 Modiji Syllabus include knowledge about regional agriculture like cultivation stage, harvest period etc, production of value added products, export rules, preservation techniques etc. Utilisation of computer and mobile for e-marketing etc. Training should be given to local farmers, their children etc. Others should produce a bond to work among the local farmers for at least 3 years.
1 0 My suggestion is to make idea book for new invention, techinicial modification, new development in any field. These idea book is as same as face book ( e-book ). From these idea book any one can upload ideas, any any one can see ideas. From these we can develop our country in better way.
0 0 First we educate in rural the formars got all information he got in his village he did not come to city and he give intrest in his crops like taking pattas and his land information and crop infomation
1 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, CREATION OF CONTENT FOR DIGITAL MARKETING COURSE IN USING E-COMMERCE  A SMALL SHOP OR FIRM LIKE CHOICE CENTRE SHOULD BE ESTABLISHED IN EVERY JILLAH PANCHAYAT TO AWARE PEOPLE ABOUT E-COMMERCE AND DEMONSTRATE THEM ABOUT BENIFITS OF E-COMMERCE.
0 0 asmall shops or firms like choice center should be established in every jila panchayat to aware people about e-commerce and demonstrate them about benifits of E-commerce.... Order on behalf of them...
0 0 Sir, I am very glad that I got a chance to express my ideas about Hooghly Dist. It is based on the banks of GANGA, known as hooghly river. Historical places are IMAMBARA, HANSESWARI MANDIR, CHURCH & birth place of famous writer SARAT CHANDRA CHHATOPADHAYA. BANDEL is the main Jn. It facilitates about 5 lacks passengers.on a daily basis. Barrackpur & Kancharapara are military based. Chandannager, was a FRENCH colony.it's the birth place of sri AUROBINDO,Looking forward to a developed BANDEL.
0 0 (2 ) 4. CAN'T CENTRE to start with LIMIT FDI-IN-RETAILS to METROs & Cities with above 2 million populations? 5. CAN'T such REGULATOR oversee establishment of ALL needed Infrastructures incl. Cold-storages, Roads & RAIL-LINKS? 6. CAN'T Central Govt. stipulate time-period within which these facilities MUST come up? 7. CAN'T Centre specify where they should not infringe upon small-traders' rights? = Why do I  say these?"" I read investments are slow to come ; FDI-in retail is sure to kick-start it"
0 0 (1) What I say here , might not be directly related to e-commerce. Lat UPA-2 Govt. took a 'Go-ahead' decision on FDI in retails. Of-course, opposition is there, but can't it be overcome by CENTRE taking over the powers to say, 1. Where it wants FDI- RETAILERS must limit operations to bring in vital FDI and kick-start investments? 2. Can't CENTRE define rules, say, 50 % to go into "IDENTIFIED Infra"& only rest to go for retail-outlets? 3. Can't CENTRE define a REGULATOR, under relevant Ministry?
0 0 Our country is having large number of Senior \citizens majority of them are retirees from Goverment, Defence Bank and other public sector undertakings. They are having vast experience in almost all fields. If we can channelize their energies for nation building  by inviting their valued suggestions or engaging them in various fields we can able to get  maximum results.
0 0 We need some pblic and private partnership in govt district medicals  for some of specialised department  for better treatment.
0 0 Judicial reforms: use of 5 year law graduates, experienced professionals, information technology, electronic submission of documents, income tax based fees, time line for submission of individual reports of above said professionals, its use by a 3 member jury located at unknown places and there topic wise expression of opinion. Time bound Judgment by lower and high courts on its basis. Options for both parties of dispute to avail the facility.
0 0 More then digital marketing we need low cost internet
0 0 As we are giving more emphasis on opening a saving bank account in the bank with the help of aadhar card. The govt should also instruct the bank for doing e-kyc for a loan account and linking that aadhar card with loan a/c by which a person will not be able take many loans from many banks and making them NPA. It will give clarity to bank to choose the right customer for loaning
0 0 that company and should be parked in any other place and same should be credited to service provider only after passenger complete the journey. it should not treated as cheap method of getting finance. they should use their own money and passenger money should be given to them after completion of journey only. then only all company will behave maturilly.
0 0 recently there is news about harrassment faced by the passenger travelling through spicejet have faced nightmare due to sudden cancellation of flight. It should be made compulsory that poor passengers should not befooled by offering different cheap journey scheme. neither govt nor regulator have any control on such. let a new scheme should be formed that any advance ticket booked by any passenger either in railways, air, bus and other type of journey method should be allowed to go to coffer of
0 0 most vulnerable ar children on railway stations.every police station of town will have night shelter for these children.every school of town will have 15% seat free of cost for these children.town clubs and committee will provide food to these children.town Panchayet will organise time to time festival celebration for these children. Let us adopt all these children collectively not individually. let us take responsibilty of these children together and make future of country
0 0 in some of the items, we should have open policy, like in umbrella cloth fabric, it is practically NOT AVAILABLE in India, save one company, so the duty of import should b reduced which will create job opportunity and boom for MAKE IN INDIA, but if we continue to give undue protection to one company...its Govt's Decession
3 0 The stalling of Rajya Sabha by Opposition parties  for personal reply from Prime Minister on the issue of Religious conversions are highly unethical. Instead they should agree for the proposal of making a national law banning religious conversions by all irrespective of religion..
1 0 Labour Ministry should work on this proposition if such option can be provided by the companies to their employees. Currently most MNC operating in India have 5 days work system and i have the same. But what i am looking at is the impact it is going to be huge, good for the government and better for the citizens of India. 5 DAY WORK . Mr Prime Minister this seems basic, but worth giving it a thought!
1 0 Respected Mr Prime Minister, since we are looking at transforming ourselves into a global resource hub similar to emerged countries can we adopt some of their work traits which is basic but the impact is gigantic.What i am talking about is a 5 day working week for all, rather than working for 8 hours if an option is provided to 9 or 10 hrs a day with sat & sun off it would do wonders for the individual and to his/hers whole family.More time with family, will reduce stress and improve productive
1 0 Pls substitute word LORD in place of order in the last line of my previous post.
1 0 DHARMA : This word is derived from root ' DHARI' It can be compared to mother earth bearing whole world. It could be an interesting question that what is the Dharma of a living being? Lord in his divine song ' Geeta' has made it clear that ' EVERY THING IS STUCK IN ME AS PEARLS IN STRING' Also at one of the places Lord says 'I AM CONSIOUSNESS IN EVERY LIVING BEING'. So the order in the form of consciousness is the one and only DHARMA of every living being.
2 0 Nightmare of families of raped and rapists: If people of a country like India suffers such tragedies then it is sure that the family unit of society and educational system has failed in perform the expected. Is there some thing which both are lacking? Yes. It is the practice of seeing BRAHMA and his glory in all manifested. Aadi Guru Shankar described it as BRAHAMACHARYA. So why our ancient system of education was  known as Brahmacharya Ashram.
1 0 Religion Conversion Issue: Religion change under force is WRONG but if willingly done then it can't be denied. Q is how to decide willingness or unwillingness in such matter? Evolve a procedure to change religion ONLY in presence of Registrar/Specially appointed magistrate.  Necessary bill/Law can be passed by seeking/inviting two third majority in support of it.
1 0 I want to share my views on the status of petrol pumps (RO) in India.Most  RO located in rural areas are selling total volume below 100kl per month. Volume mix is Petrol:Diesel:: 1:2.25. Comission is approximately Rs 2 and Rs 1.2 respectively for peril and diesel. This way they are unable to to get 5% return on investment. Bottomed international crude prices may be used as an opportunity to revive this trade by increasing dealers commission minimum Rs 1 per liter on both products.
1 0 I want to draw attention of Gov authorities on continuous rise in height of roads resulting into ultimate damage of a family unit capital due to periodic provisioning requirement for elevation etc of house. It is also causing inefficient usage of our mountain resources and limiting construction. It will be better practice if road construction and repair polices are modified to encorporate periodic digging of roads under repair. The scrape may be used as filer for any immediate vicinity roadun.
1 0 PM's gesture & remarks on brutal massacre in Pakistan were very apt & correct. SUGGESTION: Invite the STUDENT  SURVIVORS  of this episode to INDIA as NATIONAL  GUESTS to help them overcome the bad effects of trauma. This gesture will have positive impact.
0 0 Save tree Save life
0 0 for  taking  competitive examination  the  candiates had to paste his photograph, give his complete bio data  etc. If  all the informaton is uploaded to central  employment exchange site  and the same  is conncted with aadhar ( UIDAI ) site The candidate do not have to send information  to employer again and again. saving a lot of money on use of paper  and time and effort  made by the candidate. The employer can receive complete information from the web site . money of candidtes will be saved.
0 0 Sir I m taking this privilege to bring to your kind notice that Govt pers posted from Delhi to NE and J&K regions are entitled for retaining Govt Qtrs in Delhi and also draw HRA in NE region.  Thus, double benefits is being accrued by them.  This is resulting in non allotment of Govt Qtrs to Govt Employees serving in Delhi and they suffer a lot as a large number of Qtrs are being retained by these officials. Looking forward for early solution of this problems by your Govt. Grateful
1 2 Respected Mr. PM, Please give us your definition of - Aachhe Din?
0 0 Benefits from content marketing in several ways: •	It reaches crucial decision-makers with the news they need in a way that’s easy to navigate and read. •	It encourages content consumption without putting up roadblocks or forced registration. •	It promotes personalized news via registration (which can be done by connecting a LinkedIn account).
1 0 National Governance - What is your National Development Agenda for 2015 Mr.PM? What do you expect or what support to you want from us - citizens? Please ask each Ministry to make public their development agenda for 2015 - on Ministry website. Promise and keep their promise or resign. Let them be accountable for their actions. Lets talk of Development, Development and only Development. No politics please. INDIA FIRST.
0 0 I haven’t spent too much time on giving extensive justification for any of these; they are based largely on the many conversations I have with industry influencers and practitioners.
0 0 Dear PM Like to request to have concrete  Laws & Rules run Lok Sabha  and Rajya Sabha  AND Vidhan Sabha and Vidhan Parisha  smoothly and participatory. More strict security with more authority. More duration in term of hours and days. Not allowing more then given time. Making 95 % attendance compulsory. More penalties  & punishment on the MPs & MLAs causing disturbance. MPs & MLAs pay for time & money, of people of India. Thanks
0 0 Can't RBI / Bank do something to overcome shortage of coins in circulation , stop this system of   buying coins paying commission !
0 0 governmental departmental inputs needed for contents of digital marketing courses.
1 0 Provide revenue generation targets to various departments in government and get work done from employees to what they are paid. Many people don t pay to water,electricity or rail,other tax to government. Pl make them to pay compulsorily .
0 0 Woman Anti-Abuse Team: Cant we have a team of lady police in every city in civil dress, who can attend to the call of any woman/girl who anticipates something wrong is gonna happen to her. In an touch-app phone era, just with one touch can send a msg to the team about girl's location and name. then the nearest lady-civil police can track the location and catch the abuser/rapist red-handed as he tries to materialize his dirty thoughts. The lady police can also carry a hidden cam to act as proof.
3 0 India FIRST - Let this be the new year resolution of every Indian and political party. Let us make 2015 year of National Development with participative and transparent national and local governance. Let us make our own agenda for doing our part in national development. It is our county. Let is be part of national governance - a clean, beautiful, healthy and prosperous Bharat. Plant a fruit tree in an appropriate authorised place.
1 0 My q: How banks cheat with customer,which is happened in my life recently I have loan of hdfc bank &emi is 2694 just one day dely talk with customer care they suggested to pay overdue online & have paid on date12th Dec2014.Afterthat they send again request to Icici bank for money reduction on date 16th Dec2014. When I talk with customer care they told me they will charge for around 700 &will redecorate my money after seven days & also cust.care misguided me.due to this I lost 1500 pl suggest.
1 0 Sir, I would like to share the views about the act. Giving the permission for the government bodies To take the rights over Hindu temples in india .. Other religious institutions are under full control of the their respective religions Muslims and Christians.. Though democrats Hindus do not have Right to establish new temples.. So dear PM Modiji kindly give some amendments for this rule and give provisions for the use of income from temples for the welfare and education of Hindus .
0 0 rogure and rowdy MlA will not do any good to bjp
1 0 ckean india   please clean politicians like Kunjal Kota   i am worried about you day by day
2 0 i would like to suggest for solving the problem of housing in India, i think there must be one house for one family consisting husband wife and their dependent children. no one should be allowed to have more than one house in Urban Area like Municipalities, Urban development Authorities and colonies. the rates of the property are very high because it has become business, property dealers and investors are having batch of properties, but the needy people cant buy even one house to live in.
1 0 If airlines books ticket din advance and if the could not provide service  they should buy tickets from other airlines for the passenger.  amend the rules of IATA
0 0 sun group and their family are the richest people in india let them bailout spice jet.  SEBI  has to be made stronger enabling them to arrest such people who willfully making the company sick
0 0 as for dealing with corruption and black money i am yet to find a difference between UDA and NDA
0 0 our parliment is becoming a joke   dear modiji end this stalemate  run the rajyasaba immediately
0 0 instead of debating in the media and making diplomatic talks continuously  is it there another way of using undercover agents to gun them down after all these terrorists are freely roaming in pakistan streets and dubai
0 0 Sir there is a tremdous problem for farmer in maharashtra please take care of them
1 0 On 24 November I had a very new experience. The incident that took place that my purse got stolen from my activa. There was not much money but the main experience was visiting to police station. Chandigarh police was much polite and helpful that it changed my view that all say "kabhi inke pass aane ki jazurat na pade." The control room called me after my complaint for feedback which gave me such satisfactory feeling and a idea of POLICE MITRA. Govt can run this program to make interactionbetween
0 0 EVEN IF THERE IS  NO TAX  ON AGRICULTURE, THEY SHOULD ALSO BE ALLOTED THE PAN NUMBER   IF THE GROSS INCOMES CROSS THE LIMIT OF rS.200000/- WHICH WILL HELP IN COLLECTING THE STATISTICAL DATA & BLACK MONEY.
0 0 4.	One more views should also be there, Company Act should be made such that            after three or four years, the company should provide  minimum 5% to 6% of Dividend to the Investors other than the Infrastructure Company  COMPULSORY. The Infrastructure company should provide after seven years. This will moblise more investment & Saving.
0 0 3.	With the introduction of Company should declare the Dividend/BONUS/RIGHT ISSUE  to Investor on the basis of the Holding on 31st March of the EACH Financial year., the Country will know the real Investors & getting their return on Investment to the small Investors . Mainupluation in the Share market will reduce &s will bring more investment by the small people & will further control the creation of black money.
0 0 2.	This is my humble request to Finance Minister to make the Rules such that: Company should declare the Dividend/BONUS/RIGHT ISSUE  to Investor on the basis of the Holding on 31st March of the EACH Financial year. Let the company may subsequently decide the amount of Dividend payable to the Investors in their  AGM . Even the interim Dividend also be in that basis. This will safeguard the Interests of the Small Investors. bring more investment by the small people
0 0 India fight against corruption. The government department are silent and are allowing the corrupt system to function by being silent and inactive. under there umbrella the project consultants/ managing committee of cooperative housing society's / corrupt builders of Mumbai/ advocates are being shelter and protected.
0 0 Concent should contain simple acts explainjng the uses so that it attracts the small and micro entrepreneurs and farmers to use it.. also details of previous benefeciories
0 0 I have a complaint regarding the account opening of Jan Dhan Yojna in Axis Bank Branch Bahu Plaza, Jammu , J&K. Please Guide me what should I Do?
1 0 Can we have a RISK COVER INSURANCE for farmers? It might help them survive minimum for their investment.
0 0 other business i.e. miscellaneous business (remittance,F.Ex. s.d. lockers,share depositary etc.) should be given importance as sizeable income is generated. Management of NPAs.: This is an important area which requires constant attention and monitoring. This area is not given due importance. Most of the NPAs arise on account of mistakes committed  at the time of sanction. Lack of proper follow-up of the advance is an area of serious concern. These areas require to be properly taken care-of.
0 1 business development. In regard to sanction of advances, obtaining applications and conducting pre-sanction survey have to be done by the Branch staff only as follow-up of the advance would be methodical. Sanction can be done up to certain amount at Branch itself. High value advances necessarily should be dealt with at Controlling Office. Development of business both in garnering deposits and sanctioning advances should be vested with Branch as well as Controlling Office. Simultaneously (contd
0 0 that the staff at Branch level lack job knowledge in certain areas of their functioning and therefore proper identification of the gaps is needed to rectify the position. This aspect of staff training and bridging knowledge gaps has to be given priority. Business Development: This starts at the Branch level. Therefore selection o Branch Head has to be done after assessing the person's ability in performance. A person who is good in communication may not always be comfortable in (contd.)
0 0 Improving PSBs performance - Finance Ministry.  In regard to the above subject I have the following suggestions: Excellence in administration at every stage of Bank's functioning viz.,Branch Level,Controlling Office Level and Top-Management Level. Periodical training to the staff with practical inputs is essential to achieve this.Training should be needbased and should be given to those who are actually on the job or likely to be posted there in a few days. I may observe ...to be continued
1 0 the covt instead of concentrating more on engineering and medical course.. they should develop humanities course so that people who are willing to study don't need to go to other far-off states. This would have an overall human devepment n increases liteacy rate in the states where it's less
1 0 Railway Ministry: Hajrat Nizamuddin Railway Station is one of the poorest maintained Railway station in Delhi, No underpass, no escalator or lifts, No provision of slops over stairs to pull your baggage. When you take exit towards sarai kale khan it appears a part of rural India like UP or Bihar, most of the space is occupied by auto's and parking maffias. You can't even walk out. I request to please visit here once, and assume how elderly or handicapped would travel from here.
0 0 ALL THE E-COMMERCE SITES SHOULD ASK AADHAR No. or PAN No. or BANK DETAILS OF THE CUSTOMER.
0 0 To HRD ministry: Any recruitment process conducted by UPSC or other sate body takes no less then 1 years, at time joining on individual post take 2-3 years. We have available infrastructure in IT space and if exams are conducted online, this can save lot of time and energy of ministry and individuals. Candidates have to travel 400KM just to appear in an exam. if CDAC can conduct lottery for DDA housing (16Laks applications), they can also be given this opportunity.
0 0 SEZ have lot's of land and they also enjoy tax benefits. I think their benefits should be measured on the basis of energy they save on yearly basis, also additional benefits should be given if they can meat partial/full demand of electricity by their own like  installing Solar units. SEZ's are very well organized corporate units and if offered benefits they can show results very quickly.
0 0 Parliament is working for the people of the country for making law / amend the law ect. how can opposition party can stop functioning the parliament for their own issues. let them go to court and get verdict for their issues. please bring a law immediately to send the members out if they did not allow to function the parliament if they are mass protest. the value of 1 day, count less for billion of peoples expectation.
4 0 I applied for pan card change of address. the PAN card is sent through blue dart. (a private organization) why government departments not using India post. this is loss of revenue. i suggest India post make a pact with all government department and customize the mailing service for them
0 0 The state of Government employees on 18 Dec at 1230h at South Block lawns. They should have been in their offices working for the government or the salary paid to them. How can we ensure accountability.
0 0 In India promoters in stock market loot the minority investors that is why no one invests in stock market. For example there was case of DRI finding that coal imports were overpriced and money was siphoned abroad by power companies.  In this case minority shareholders were cheated but never returned their money.  This happens in other sector too such as Sugar (where companies overprice maintenance or do not declare correct sales and siphon money), in Oil & Gas etc...
0 0 To make India competitive in global trade - to ensure high export.  Focus on two things. 1. Make sure all input costs are cheap - i.e cotton, cane, rubber, iron ore, power, aluminum, coal, land, cost of capital, labor - this will ensure cost of production is low. 2. Over time move to high value exports which involve high level of training of labor.
0 0 Compulsory use of solar energy by corporate house & railway should use there rooftops to put solar panels for power requirements on there platform
0 0 Respected sir, Tribal development is complex with lot of linkages to the local tribal society, culture, customs, local knowledge & skills reg.to trees, herbs, water, fuel, style of life and their livelihood. Policy needs to take all these into account. Further, the social indicators like IMR, MMR, malnutrition, longevity etc. of tribals are dismal with wide disparity with the townspeople. Hence, we have to improve their living environment by watershed mgt, education& health status& livelihoods
0 0 Encourage sports there will be automatically healthy india provide nutrition for needy & help them
0 0 Under ' Jan Dhan Yojna', it must be ensured from the all the banks that only downtrodden, poor people get benefited and not every type of rich people get benefitted. >more...
0 0 In this fast moving pace of world , legal services are to be streamlined as a poor people getting date after date,  month after month and  year after year to get justice, a lot of money and time destroyed. So it must be ensured to fix time frame for any of the case subject to its severity and nature of crime etc etc.
0 0 Sir, simple theory of life if everyone understands that if no baby girl then no mother, no mother then no life,So dont let their lives end before it even begins,save the future mothers,grandmothers by saving girls & remember no boys without girls, so be happy & proud if you have a daughter
2 0 RESPECTED SIR, IN CURRENT ERA OF EDUCATED UNEMPLOYMENT.GOVERNMENT AND OTHER PUBLIC INSTITUTION MUST ENSURE THAT NO TWO OPEN ENTRANCE EXAM CLASH ON SAME DAY. THIS IS A VERY SIMPLE EFFORT WE CAN DO. FOR EXAMPLE, IBPS HAD ARRANGED ONE OF ITS WRITTEN EXAM ON 21/12/2014. GUJARAT GOVERNMENT HAD CHANGED ITS EXAMINATION DATE FOR RECRUITMENT IN  BIN SACHIVALAY   FROM 16/11/2014 TO 21/12/2014. ITS REALLY IRRITATING FOR JOB SEEKERS. PLS ORDER SOMETHING.. THANKS
0 0 Reg/DeCongestion of Delhi/Agencies DDA,LDO,MCD,Cantonment Board,NDMC,Railways,Defense  R required 2 headed by one 2 take fast decisions 4 exchange,swap etc .For redevelopment of New Delhi Railway station we dont need help from any foreign agency we have number of engineers who can do it.More over we need to spread the starting and terminating stations to other stations like Shakurbasti etc where enough space is available.
0 0 Online profile of each Indian national should be developed. This is to serve the requirement of documents at various locations and institutions. This way we could eliminate the delays caused by KYC and various documents verification process. This might work on model of smart cards with OTP based verification to be used at all govt offices where POS kind of device should accept the application from card only.
0 0 Good governance cannot be delivered by articles, contests and symposiums. It has to be inculcated in us. My suggestion to the government is to form groups of school children in each school that monitors the running of school, as in 1.	Efficiency of teaching staff (seminars to enhance their capability) 2.	Cleanliness and hygiene ((toilets) 3.	Sports and games 4.	Inter-school, inter-state visits for all round development Why not make goodness in every field a way of life. Reeta Choudhary
0 0 first develop the software in all regional language to educate digital marketing to all age groups
0 0 All Octogenarian pensioner-beneficiaries of CGHS and their spouses (irrespective of their age), must be placed in the Private Ward category entitling them to Private Ward facilities in all the Govt. and CGHS empanelled Private Hospitals, nursing homes etc.
0 0 But how does Govt. arrive at taxing these e-commerce sites that attempt to sell mostly imported stuff at rock-bottom prices? In real world, we have multiple regulations, including Competitive Commission, State & Central tax-set-ups to go thro' books with a magnifying glass! Do Snapdeal, Flipkart websites for example  submit themselves to established auditing/ markt. regulations/ after-sales services keeping-up to warranty clauses? IF NOT it is violative of all Consumer protection Laws. REGULATE
0 0 [2/2] 2. Link post offices with web-centers for goods transport activities. 3. Utilize schools/web-centers for information sharing & data collection on local product markets.
0 0 [1/2] Hi, I just went through the course outline for digital marketing booklet. It's wonderfull initiative for digital India in consumer segment. Thanks for the initiative. I have few thoughts for it's initiation in rural area: 1. Web-Centers, Gaming Centers are common in rural areas too these days for providing the link between common man and IT utilization. Liverage these centers for promoting, training eCommarce for buying as well as selling through eCommarce. [1/2]
0 0 It is important to earn a degree from a marketing school to ensure you have the proper background knowledge upon which to build your career. To learn more about how a marketing degree can help you build a successful e-commerce marketing career, request information from schools offering marketing degrees today.
0 0 The best way to pursue a career in e-commerce marketing is to earn a marketing degree. Although the industry also involves a level of comfort with technology, a deep knowledge of the principles of marketing is the primary skill required. Most organizations that hire an e-commerce marketing team require a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in marketing, along with website experience.
0 0 A successful e-commerce marketing campaign should be led by a marketing manager with the knowledge and training necessary to manage and effectively strategize campaign activity. Typically, marketing managers oversee all activities within a company’s marketing, advertising, and promotional department. They establish brand guidelines and growth strategies, evaluate customer needs, and tweak marketing plans dependent on success.
0 0 Dear Sir/ Madam, I am working in travel industry and we appreciate government decision on VISA on arrival. We really believe that this will boost Inbound tourism to India however we feel that there are few points if we consider them also that can help us a lot. In tourist prospect  if a person is coming to India specially from USA/ Other countries they also try to visit Nepal/ other Asian countries also. In that case they need a multiple entry VISA and government has announce Visa on arrival only for one visit. If it’s possible that government can announce multiple entry VISA on arrival  for specific period like 01 month / 60 days that can be great help for Inbound Tourism industry. Best regards
0 0 Dear Sir As Indian citizen would like to suggest so that injustice like Campa cola  residence could not be happen in future. We need to make the system more transparent for the  real estate sector. one web site should be construct by the real estate regulatory. In which all information about each and every project  should be available in public domain it could be approval from concern authority approved plan etc. Also how many sanction it has got that status also available on it.
1 0 Dear Sir I am talking about salary modification in a Pvt. Ltd. Company or small scale organisation. For e.g.  one person joined a company Rs. 15000 K per month. But most of the company show half or one third amt basic salary in A/c, for it will effect in PF/Gratuity/ Pension etc. Rest amt paid via hand cash which is not shown in A/c. In connection all are facing problems after retirement. All Pvt. Ltd. Company owner/proprietor or director huge saving money from PF & ESIC etc. Plz Help..
1 0 Sir, Pls bring some strict punishment for crime like terrorism & rape, they should be hanged, Nirbhaya case criminals are not yet hanged & so rape in our country is a normal case & criminals r not afraid as they know they will not be punished & we r talking about Girl child education,beti bachao beti padhao whats the use when they dont have freedom to walk freely, talk freely,dress freely no use sir until this mentality changes & strict rules r implemented & criminals should not be spared
1 0 Please sir read this letter and respond it.
1 0 ABOUT BLACK MONEY kindly make addhhar card compulsory for all govt servant (central and state ) every bank account and every property deal,gold purchasing Compulsory addhar card number as developed country having social security number(each n every information in social seurity number)
