43 14 dear p.m. please express your sorrow for those who lost their children, family members and close relatives due to demonetisation and please announce compensation and give punishment to the responsible people like hospitals who refuse to give treatment to them.
23 2 Respected PM ji, my suggestion about the current demonetization issue is to increase the use of card money and the e-money is to provide an 0.5 percent tax waiver for whoever uses the card money or e-money. Thank you
42 0 hello sir       for DIGITAL CASHLESS MONEY   i am giving one best idea. on next sunday  i want u to announced that all (whole country)college and university should remain open and students should teach each and every people of near by village about how to make payment using app there are around 30 lakh engineering students so it will be grt reform .These is the only time where people are depride to learn how to do that afterwards it will be of no use again everything will go in cash
10 1 hello sir       for DIGITAL CASHLESS MONEY   i am giving one best idea. on next sunday  i want u to announced that all (whole country)college and university should remain open and students should teach each and every people of near by village about how to make payment using app there are around 30 lakh engineering students so it will be grt reform .These is the only time where people are depride to learn how to do that afterwards it will be of no use again everything will go in cash
6 1 hello sir i am happy with the demolisation of 500 and 1000 rupees. I want u to speak in mann ki baat about DIGITAL CASHLESS MONEY  for that i am giving one best idea. on next sunday  i want u to announced that all (whole country)college and university should remain open and students should teach each and every people of near by village about how to make payment using app there are around 30 lakh engineering students so it will be grt reform .These is the only time to save market vendors
15 0 Dear PM, I am happy to note that you are going in the right direction of eradicating black money which has been rampant for quite some time now. I also appreciate the measures your government took for easing the problems faced by the citizens post demonetization. Since Nov and Dec are marriage seasons, some people had difficulties but happy that Govt.gave them relief. I hope this will go a long way in curbing the black money and corruption in the country today.#MannKiBaat, #AIR, @#PMOnRadio
9 0 Dear Sir,I request you to have look at "Rise of Outsourcing in private sector" which is indirectly linked to job insecurity and brain drain. Now a days most of the reputed private firms do not take employees on their payroll. For example, Person "A" works in Company "XYZ" but he remains on the payroll of "pqr" company. Payroll company is basically consultancy agency. Most of the employees working in private sector are temporary/contractual employees. They do not get much facilities.
6 3 Dear PM most of property in secondary market is purchased for more money than registered value. Market survey of prevalent rates v/s registered value be carried out and property purchased in last 10 years be Sectrunised.
5 4 Monoply of indian railways should be diminished. The result of increase of pvt players in airline/telecome sector/banking/cement industry/healthcare/education/courier or postal service have shown a very positive impact on all of us . It is a noted  fact that self interest always motivate humans to work more .
0 0 Respect sir we are caste by bania which is sc in the state of Assam/Meghalaya.we obtained our caste certificate from the both state  from SDO civil south salmara mankachar Dhubri and SDO civil West Garo Hils Meghalaya of our many relatives which is also interact with PMO but case is still pending and ADC kamrup verbally reply me we are unable to issue your caste without recommendations from anushuchita jati porishod  who are denied  us from 2012, So how we got our rightful principles at Kamrup.
0 0 all the revenue like vat or service tax should directly credited in govt deptt . Currently, it   is collected by dealer or service provider and than he deposits to the govt . Instead ,if  govt  acknowledges /collects taxes itself then transperency will be there  .
0 0 Respect Sir This is for your kind information is that if black money give a new chance for 50 fifty then who are already destroyed their own money who are biggest lost, so my opinion is say that not to give chance to the black holder for a new decision from the cabinet Now my problem is share with you i have 3 minor children who are denied for issuance of caste certificate from the government of assam under the deputy commissioner kamrup metro due to recommendations from welfare board
0 0 to reduce pollution and saving revenue first of all take decision that all personal vehicles like cars,2 wheeler are must be use petrol or gas , stop producing diesel cars ,allow diesel only in agriculture needs& commercial vehicles. then remove subsidy from petrol,gas. give subsidy in diesel .so due to zero subsidy in petrol,gas all persons try to use public transport. due to subsidy in diesel, transportation charges &dearness will reduce,so less (traffic,pollution,accident) save revenue  .
3 0 Honourable Prime Minister,I have suggestion for 'CASHLESS INDIA'.... Please put expiry date on currency note 3 years on big notes(500, 2000) and 5 years on small notes(100, 50, 20, 10.... this will prevent people to stock currency notes at home or lockers and they start prefering to deposit money at banks...
11 0 sir please do some justice with the ppl who have cleared UPSC 2015,named in the merit list but still they were not allocated services.
12 1 Sir,many students have been disquaified by DoPT in civil services exam, 2016. Their father were working as assistant or clerk in public sectors like bank/lic/university. Please look into matter. These students are not getting benefits of OBC. #MannKiBaat
0 0 3- Study why common man are not paying tax. Analysis to be done & common man to be assured of their tax. Maybe it should start from school education. Children will force their fathers to pay taxes.
2 0 please sir do something about this question. and my 2nd issue for indian police because they torcher genune people.please attach the camera to there uniform and there van.
2 1 sir firstly congratulation to you and us also for your blackmoney step sir i want to say about cast inequality in education and place of job.I am Belonging to Open cast I am giving different competative exam but in exam there are different fees for open cast student and other cast student and different cutt off for open cast student and other cast student.so,I am Strugling so much.
2 0 What ever money is deposited in Jan Dhan by hired people , these need not be returned to original owners .please pass a law in this regard. Sabke bank mein paisa aa Gaya modiji
2 0 PM Sir, you have taken bold decision to wrap black money from economic by demonetisation. Now i suggest to you for next step related to Govt Jobs Govt will make a Rule for Govt Job. No Direct Recruitment in any Govt Department. Any Indian citizen who want to Join Govt job then 1st Join Indian Army and service there 2-3 year and after his/her Performance he/she able to depute to any Govt Department as per his/her Qualification. I mean only one way to join Govt Job. One India One Entrance Exam
0 0 The prime minister must to speak about demonetization issues for the people of India over the two weeks the common peoples are severely affected in this move the people more expecting your speech on Nov.27 on AIR
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modiji, I am consistently trying to bring to your kind notice the pathetic and inhuman working conditions of the junior resident doctors in our country. This minority section of our society which is responsible for healing the masses is compelled to suffer and work round the clock without getting proper rest and sleep,even skipping meals at times and not having bath for days together.No regulations exist at present. Sincere request to address this issue.
0 0 Dear& Respected Modi ji. Please make an account with various options like Army,Farmers etc. where we can donate for our favourite cause.We want to donate .Our govt will never face shortage of money.We want to donate for families of shaheeds .little amounts from so many people will become huge amounts.
0 0 Moreover government should take 3steps- 1-as rightly announced teach usage of debit/credit cards to the common man. 2- assure people that their tax is rightly used for government projects by displaying details of expenditures to public during any opening ceremony of such projects. Contd----
0 0 Respected Sir, if your government can curtail annual charges payable in all banks for debit and credit card, charges payable to mobile wallet companies when we to transfer to our bank account and service charge payable when we buy tickets from portals like IRCTC, only then I feel that the true spirit of reduction in expenses of our government in printing currency and Digital India will come in effect.
0 0 Dear PM Shri. Modiji,Demonetisation a very great move. Thanks to you for taking steps for curbing this robbery. Since independence we have always been thinking of that our tax is not utilised "properly or for required national development 100%" by corrupted government employees & politicians. Now we are assured that the movement has started & people who didn't pay tax for above reasons will start paying it in national interest & will be happy to pay, I hope.
0 0 3.government transport facility..like buses , train ..should have facility of cashless transaction..conductor of buses should have pos.. 4..All krishi seva kendra must have pos..so that farmers can pay thorugh their jan dhan ac debit card.. 5..pos installation process must be smoothen so that small vendors can easily get pos.. 6..do dout cashless transaction in government departments minimise corruption.. 7..starts from government departments people will become happy
0 0 Subject:Registration of vehicles in various states and union territories of India Dear Modiji, Why can't we adopt uniform norms and conditions for one time registration of various vehicles in various states and union territories so that one can use them in any state and union territory, for any number of years (15 years) avoiding further re registration , when used in other states other than the state of registration. Similarly better if the entry fees charged by various states,be abolished.
1 0 Honourable Prime Minister, Today, it is six years since the horrific 26/11 attack happened. If possible, I request you to outline the progress made by the government in improving security, particularly in the high-risk states and cities in #MannKiBaat on 27-Nov-2016. Further, 19-Nov-2016 was World Toilet Day. The website http://www.un.org/en/events/toiletday/ has useful facts which need to be communicated, in my opinion. Please share the information in #MannKiBaat, if possible.
0 0 Dear sir, you have taken bold decision to wrap black money from economic by demonitasation..Imlpementation is not going well due to heavy cash cruch. Are you excepecting from all people to use mobile banking , paytm all this cashless transaction facility..but my suggestion is starts from government departments ..do them cashless..like.. 1. All government hopital should have facility to pay from debit card or credit card..should have pos.. 2..same facility should have in pvt hospital..
0 0 One more suggestion is to remove 500 and 2000 notes. The highest denomination can be only 100.  The highest the note denomination the more will be the black money.
0 0 Sir, I have one suggestion.  The money deposited in bank accounts should also be looked from Family Total money deposited.  As if someone have 10 lakh of black money then he/she can easily escape if he/she deposit 2 lakh in bank account of family members, if he/she have 5 family members.  In this case Govt or IT department would not ask as the deposit amount is less than 2.5 Lakhs.  However he/she would not be able to explain source of income as 10 lakh in one year if we sum the total of money.
0 0 Sir we should Aware our country for respect of old aged or senior citizens by you, us, bollywood like swacch bharat abhiyan. B.coz now a days we are seeing many youths are misbehaving with old aged person on the rod and at home. We can get knowledges of grace and culturals from tham. Can we do it sir from mann ki baat program ? You can success it in india. Thank you sir you are brilliant pm of my country.
0 0 sir,please do something for highly educated youth like me. i am a post-graduate in both mass comm and law.but i do not have any permanent or govt job.i have nine years teaching experience.but in private colleges.where salary is very low.job is not secured.we do not have any financial security for future.ihave one year old daughter.we want to use our skill,efficiency and experience.iam a great orator in english,hindi,bengali.but i do not have minimum monetary facilty.how do i survive?09434845892.
1 0 Honorable PM long live .You did what we were waiting for so many years.A courageous bold step.Since you became PM many innovative ideas have been introduced and Mann Ki Baat is the best as with this people realized the true feeling of democracy. We love you. Dr.H.C.TEWARI M.Sc. PhD
1 0 Sir I have some suggestions to curb the tension in money exchange. I would like to suggest there should be a fund created for use of education, Health,drinking water, publictoilets, housing for poor, old age pension and sanitation facility for public use.  govt can announce that deposit into this fund is acceptable with 500/1000 notes this will facilitate 80G IT Act  as donation / contribution for the public welfare. 25% of amount deposited into fund eligible for income deduction.views enclosed.
0 0 sir, i really support your step towards demonitisation, but i was expecting a better quality of currency notes. Im bit diappointed with the quality of notes. whenever i see a currency of some other nation which is better than us i feel there will be some day ,our nations currency will be better.whenever i see a toren note of indian currency it feels so ambarissing, poors loose there hard earned money, the toren notes loose there value.I feel some remedial steps will be taken in this regards...
0 0 Dear Mr. PM, I also want you to put an end to higher cost of education in schools & colleges. Mahesh Rana, Panchkula (Haryana) +91-9417785983
0 0 Dear Mr. PM, I whole heartedly welcome your move for demonetisation, but my request is to block all notes above 500 rp. note. Firstly its very hard to get it exchanged in market, secondly in the long run black market people will find it easy to hide their black money. Thanks and hope for an positive reply. Mahesh Rana, Panchkula (Haryana) +91-9417785983
0 0 Sir In rural UP the selling rate for kharif like Dhan crop is getting difficult as 1200 rate is not being followed and they r forced to sell at 1000 rs rate and also things like greases for farmers are with MRP cut and sold above the MRP
0 0 Mr Narendrabhai Modi, Jai Sri Krishna When I was in class seven I had one chapter in history was that of Mohammed bin tuglak he was very intelligent but he was failed Your step to banned 500 1000 after 30 th Dec is very bold but it implementation is total failure. Today 500 1000 notes are quoting at 25-30 per cent discount in grey market it means you have given few people to start this business rubbish People are buying gold in grey MKT at cash in old 500 1000. Mr Modi will you make door to
1 0 Namasthe PM ji, Iam a house wife from Chennai. Our family throught supprot your scheme, demonitisation. But pls dont give any discounts to any..businessmen like Vijay Mallaiya and somany others. Pls keep strict and same rules to all people in this scheme, sothat we are here to follow you sir. Tomorrow we will wait for your answer regarding this. Thanq somuch. Poorna
0 0 Sir, To eradicate the small currency crises, would request you to stall a Temporaray Mobile ATMs at all the Railway Stations and Bus Stands. These ATMs should deliver only Rs. 100 and Rs. 50 currency notes with the limit of max Rs. 500/-. These should work 24 hrs and this will give a great relief to people for any emergency cash for smaller payouts.
0 0 sir, many uneducated persons in our india, they don't know how to deposit & how to withdraw money, how to to collect the money from atm's,some persons unable to stand in atm's like old persons, phc persons,so im ready to help & educated the that peoples,many students are ready to help the that type of peoples, i dont need any amount any salary, i need only a small id card,sir  you r doing a great job sir, peoples are accepted, but this media is not supported sir,im not bjp party,im your party,
0 0 Dear Sir, I have came to know about Banks will not be having Cash for next week. Can it be done that One Team should be made which will deal with that %age Commission agents who have stored the money which should be in circulation. Make a fake deal for a big amount and give them Fake notes in 500 and 1000 and get that money into circulation. till they know about the reality it will be too late. Why this notes are get-able easily.Please think on that Sir... Otherwise all will be in vain..
1 0 Ways to go for cashless economy.... sir, please make appeal for graduates/ literates that each person should make efforts to teach atleast one street vendors about how to use digital payments on a particular day during this demonetisation period. Every graduate in this country wants to contribute for your efforts about corruption but they just need ignition by you.
0 0 sir, many uneducated persons in our india, they don't know how to deposit & how to withdraw money, how to to collect the money form atm's,some persons unable to stand in atm's like old persons, phc persons,so im ready to help & educated the that peoples,many students are ready to help the that type of peoples, i dont need any amount any salary, i need only a small id card,sir  you r doing a great job sir, peoples are accepted, but this media is not supported sir,im not bjp party,im your party,
0 0 Please make strong restrictions on gold business also. Make it compulsory that a DD obtained from any bank is must for even a single gram of purchase.DD should be taken from the money in account. Shop owners should maintain a database with DD numbers and details of purchase. Even while buying gold also owners should issue cheque to the customers. Shop owners should be able to show the data to IT officers at any point of time.
1 0 Hello to All and to The Great Prime Minister of India Shri ModiJi... My suggesstion for 2000 rupee note is that it can work out if everyone in a society are together for local sabji,fruits,rice,wheat or daal and daily mini products like milk,noodles,bread. Everyone in a society or group can spend 2000 rupee note on regulatory basis with mutual understanding untill this problem solves...Example 10 people together with mutual understanding can buy ration,sabji or recharge for all 10 people...
0 0 Respected sir,
0 0 Respected Narendra Modi ji, I would like to request you to have  our National Flag put up at all schools in India and recital of National anthem to be made compulsory for students.This along with prayers done in school will instill Nationalism , pride and love for our country in the hearts of our children. Yours faithfully Anurag Kapoor
0 0 Plz respected sir My name is ashish tiwati S/o Baldev prasad tiwariI belongs to a small village of Banda distrc up my village name is sindhan kalan dist Banda 210126 .and in my village no any inter collage available.their peoples very suffer for education .and I am completed B.Ed and I want to start a inter collage in village so plz help me
0 0 We commoners are very happy to have Demonetisation. Looking forward to more steps taken by you. Jai Hind
1 0 Modi ji, A sincere bank officer suggested this idea: Make it immediately mandatory at every shop and business, including to put up a big enough display / board that payment by cheque/dd/credit/debit are preferable over cash payment and that receipts must be obtained for every transaction! 2 ft x 1 ft and in two locally most important languages! Would be great if you can make this appal in tomorrow's Mann ki Baat, it jhas every potential of spreading like wild fire!
0 0 My aunty Mrs Sumati Patwardhan 94 years old and stays in Mumbai. Today she is etreamly happy to listen to your announcement of not allowing Sindhu water to Pakistan. It reminds her of Swatyantra Veer Savarkarji. She is a family friend of Savarkars. Jai Hind
0 0 My third concern was around noise pollution in cities. The level of noise pollution is pretty bad in India compared to other countries. Bangalore main har koi honk kar tha rehta hai even though there is no need. No one seems to care about noise pollution but in general to live a better quality life in the cities some policy is needed that will incentivize public transport and reduce the chaos of traffic in the cities.
1 0 Respected Modiji, i have a small request to you regarding the Wastege of Tax payer money in Parliament due to improper support from other parties.the cost of each minutes is apprx.Rs-2.5lac is wasteing the parliament without any making decision in favour of country or common people, same has to be stopped and the whaterever amount being wasted due to opposition improper support has to be recovered from there salary and facility to decreased so good discussion will happen it will help to all
0 0 A few things: 1) Clarify that demonetisation is for catching corrupt. Not for people who have acquired money thru legitimate means. A farmer/trader who has >2.5 l cash acquired legitimately and has paid taxes shud not be worried about depositing it to the bank. Lot of rumors have been spread. 2) My other concern is related to transport. I don't see anyone making space for ambulance in Bangalore. Bahut sharamnaak baat hai. Ppl need to understand 2 make way for ambulance. Ur words might help
0 0 dear sir we taking good step of block money always with u sir, about 500 and 1000 currency. thank u sir
0 0 dear sir, please see the anganavadi and mini anganavadi workers problems and salary . please needful, thanking you
0 0 Respected Modiji, Your dream to make Clean India - Green India by making smart cities, would also require to create separate space for street animals, which allows them to remain within the provided boundaries and in turn helps to reduce the traffic and accidents.
0 0 corruption in Judiciary is deep rooted it should be look after into.
0 0 Modi ji, A sincere bank officer suggested this idea: Make it immediately mandatory at every shop and business to put up a big enough display / board that payment by cheque/dd/credit/debit are preferable over cash payment and that receipts must be obtained for every transaction! 2 ft x 1 ft and in two locally most important languages!
0 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, I heard that many senior employees of companies converted their black money (Crores) to white with Bank Managers and create cash crunch for the public. Need a analysis and investigation as these people are not loyal for the nation and I call them "Aasteen ke Saanp"
0 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, Please communicate to mass public in Maan Ki Baat that any person can do the sting operation of mal practices of banks/ bank officers and bring it to the notice of the media/ govt. with evidences and announce the reward for that. It may be helpful to minimize the que and inconvenience to the genuine people
1 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, Please arrange to take strict action against ICICI, HDFC and AXIS bank as they are not filling the cash in ATMs and converting black into white. I have not seen any ATM of these banks with cash since last 15 days. This all resulted in long que of the people and increases the dissatisfaction among the genuine people
2 0 Respected Modi Ji, While appreciating your move on 'demonetisation' of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 den notes for its intent and purposes, I wish to submit that the govt should ensure that there is no "witch-hunting" of the innocent people and the honest tax payers by the Income Tax Deptt even on some 'technical' grounds after December 30, 2016. 2. Kindly re-confirm your promise made towards the non-questioning of life long savings of the women folks in "Man Ki Baat" on Nov 27. Thanks and Regards.
0 0 De-monetization effect may be big in coming few months due to lack of cash availability in small denominations ! it is going to affect in small business largely, to manage this, govt. must promote cash less payment at every sector from small provision store to big malls , hotels to big business firms, including salary, salary must be paid through cheque or through salary account as some do recently, Advice volunteers to reach every sector, retailers to buyers and educate them, advice them to use
0 0 Respected PM of INDIA, the recent move of cease of high value currency notes(Rs.500/- , 1000/-) is a right and brave decision, your interest towards nation's upliftment is great, if we also look at our country's population is nealy 1,336,286,256 on may 2016, some some statistics projected to be the world's most populous country by 2022, if we cant take any step it could be a great scares for basic needs, so please aware people about problems of "over population".
0 0 I presume that the demonetisation which is much discussed is only one of your revolutionary ideas.  I would like to state that the expenses of Govt. of India is too exhorbitant and this needs to be controlled by adding a mandatory column in the APARs of the Heads of each Govt. of India office: "Percentage of expenditure reduced during the Reporting Year as compared to the previous year" and this has to be atleast 25% for which the MoF can issue orders in tandem with the DOPT.  JAI HIND!
0 0 Dear PM, I love your idea for Notebandi, I think most common people are in favor of it. But due to this common man is facing issue for daily buying goods which can easily be solved if we have cash in ATM's and refill ATM as quick a possible. rather than banks have most cash in a branch. As most people are ok with 2000 limit for the daily transaction but ATM do not have cash and people have to go to banks. If ATM has cash available than queues in banks will be very less. Thanks
0 0 Sir people from banks like Bareilly are getting new currency for amount more than allowed in a day and also people are getting amount upton5 lacs easily settled in accounts in UP rural areas
0 0 I was self driving my car all alone from Vadodara to Delhi with no money. Near चितौड़गढ़ police checked my car and found nothing. They asked me from where you are coming and going where. When I told I am driving since 7 am and could not eat anything as I can't get money from ATM yet. Police instantly gave me cold drink, two packs of Bawaji potato chips and one packet biscuit. I thanked police for this human face. On reaching चितौड़गढ़, I coykd withdraw money from ATM easily with no Q at all.
0 0 Respected sir we appreciate your beautiful work but why the govt employee in office they demand extra money from people for their work .take an action.plz think for textile designer students govt jobs.plz generate more jobs. Plz make our India like foreign countries....with every action.jai hind.....sir
0 0 Sir we are very proud of your first step towards real clean India only thing the poor are misguided and the local leaders are using their Jan Dhan accounts for amount below 50000 for converting their interests also the banks in UP are not functioning fully also pls make it mandatory for non cash payments up to a certain amount for petty expenses
0 0 Respected Sir, I appreciate the work and the actions you are taking against the corruption and black money, I support your move,the hitch we are facing worth to see my India as a corruption free country.I request you to take some steps & give warnings to corrupt police officers & employee who are still accepting / demanding bribes. They don't have any fear and the common place people are getting harassed.These small level mass corruption should be stopped to gain people's faith in administration
0 0 RESPECTED PM I congratulate u to take bold and courageous decision to declare not legal tender high denoms note RS.500 and 1000.It is great tribute to RESPECTED ADVANI JEE on November 8 lies HIS birthday who campaigned against black economy  in lok sabha election in 2009.i request to u that as u declare  next year GARIB KALYAN VARSH ON PT.DDU 100 TH BIRTH ANNIVERSARY. PLEASE rechristened of the IAS AS INDIAN ANTYODAYA SERVICE.it is  a great tribute to PT.DDU JEE.
0 0 Respected PM,i support your bold initiative of demonetization.most of the common man support your challenging effort sir and we are there with you for building a peaceful and prosperous india....jai hind...
0 0 I am Ravichandran Farmer from TNadu. Thank You for your bold Economic Reforms. The alliance between Corruption and Black Money is torn apart by Demonitisation. Today is Dr Verghese Kurien Birthday Day. He is the man instrumental for White Revolution. He richly deserves and merits  Bharath Rathna atleast posthumously. Pl consider the request from farmers. Jai Hindu.
0 0 SIR I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR IF CAN EMPHASISE ON CASH LESS TRANSACTIONS AND ITS BENIFITS ALSO IF ANY NATIONWIDE PROGRAMME CAN BE LAUNCHED WITH BANKS FOR RURAL AND SEMIURBAN POPULATION TOEDUCATE BENIFITS OF CASHLESS TRANSACTIONS AND EASE OF TRANSACTIONS THIS WILL HELP PEOPLE TO DO THERE BUSINESS ALSO PLEASE DO LAY EMPHASIS ON THE LOSSES COMMAN PERSON HAVING BY AVOIDING PAKKA BILL AND LET THE SELLER EVADE THE X AND POTENTIAL BENIFITS TO THAT PERSON
0 0 Kerala Goes on Hartal (Band) on 28th, Sir, stirictly menton in your Baat and inform common people some parties are supporting black moneies and its holders, they are protesting and doing hartal.  jai hind
0 0 Special Thanks to PM or his challenging action of demonetization and banks employees for tremendous efforts and co-operation extended.  jai hind
0 0 Sir, during the hour of pain due to lack of cash availability  in small denominations, difficulties people are experience is severe. in such situation, it is necessary to educate and promote cashless payments using debit card which most people have in urban and semi urban areas, or credit cards etc,  through banks and some institutions dong well in this say, pls in your next mankibaat pls advice people to go for cashless
0 0 Hello sir I appreciate your work about black money and youbare doing a good work. I m a 18 years engineering student and using technology most. My question if you will take out this much amount of black money than there will be any deduction in tax for online transaction or any type of deduction in that 14.5% tax which u take from us while shopping or dining? Dhruv Shah Ahmedabad,Gujarat
0 0 Honourable PM Sir, Pranaam, Few more thoughts on "One Citizen One Digital Currency Card" based on Centralized "Digital Currency Account -DCA" which can be used for transactions between anyone - people, banks, business or Organization, through a "Digital Currency Card - DCC" or "Digital Currency Mobile App - DCMA". Just like we have only one voter ID or one Aadhar number or one passport for one person, we may have Centralized, Common "Digital Currency Account-DCA" to be Allotted by RBI.....
0 0 PM Sir, I find you the best administrator since independence. I am not that kind of expert to suggest you but i wish to share my 'MannKiBaat' with you. Sir, since independence no serious efforts have been made towards population control. I look rootcause of every difficulty of administration in larger population and You can also see the impact in demonetisation too but unfortunately our politicians advise communities to increase  population so that thier community can enjoy the power.
0 0 today is an 26/11 about 8 years ago Terrorist attack on Taj hotel but our army man can protect our country and some Jawan has sahid in this attack. I am salute to Indian Jawan who were Sahid in Taj Hotel attack
0 0 Sir, I congratulate your government for taking a bold initiative by passing RERA. However, many of the state governments are dilly-dallying on its implementation. Besides, now developers are on a cancellation spree forefeiting the entire amount paid by consumers thus duping the common man of their hard earned money. Worse still, some of these builders are giving an impression that they have strong contacts in BJP. Hence, this point can be touched in Mann Ki Baat.
0 0 Start smart village program as early as possible. For education, drinking water and sanitation voulunteery services of retired persons may be taken.
0 0 sir my name is Nilambari Kumbhare i am form Nagpur, Maharashtra. i want to suggest you to change the educational and health system. because in educational system their is an more complication when i am fill form for gov exam their are only little seat for general and lots of seats for ST,SC,VJ,NT but for UR their is a very little seat available then how i m or so many student who has lots of talent but their come in UR to crack the exam because UR cut off is very high and because of little seat
0 0 Sir, Lead by example and provision for cashless transactions at all govt counters. I have to draw cash from ATM and than book train ticket from counter. Instead, i should be allowed to book tickets using card at ticket counter. Similar things can be implemented at paying electricity bills, bus tickets, municipal taxes, parks etc. Cash management will be lesser reducing chances of black money and would increase govt revenue.
0 0 Sir, Why you are wasting our money  in the form of MPTC,  Sarpanch,  etc...  In our view MPTC is waste,  no use,  Abolish that and appoint one governor for two states make all Sarpanches come under ZPTC member in a manual and avoid MPP and MPTC also ask the oppositions whether they run the house today or not otherwise u concentrate on otherissues or make mandate to run a house without allegations..
0 0 *User of Addhar Card as Wallet for e-payments* Please check the possibility if Addhar Card can be used to load money and swapped to pay like debit/credit cards. Mobile app linked with Addhar Card for e-payment currently mobile number is used. Users will have more trust on this as it will be owned and managed by government.
0 0 Why you are silent when anti nationalist parties are alleging you by saying that 50 men are died by staying in queue.. Tell them that a terrorist bomb can kill 100's of men and Maoists can 10's of police.. And with corruption and poor supply of seeds many of farmers are committing suicides, with fake chitfund companies and criminals a lot of people are dying.. So plz keep quiet and make plans to save your black money by disturbing parliament sessions and wasting people's money .  Jaihind
0 0 Modi ji I support your decision, but I think, it would be better if you advertise about nuup service i.e. national unified ussd platform i.e. *99# facility for instant fund transfer widely on news media and appeal to masses to use this facility and educate people about how to use this facility. This would surely decrease the pressure. People can easily pay for various txns using basic mobiles. Tv and news media should be extensively used for this widespread teaching.
0 0 Gd mng sir, Thank you for being implemented my dream sir.  One more idea is to cede the Aadhaar card with the property in and out of the country and provide new registration forms to the people who belongs to that property including gold and vehicles in purview of a land ceiling act. Use the Technology to prevent from hacking of the government banks and sites. As only 30% black money is in the Roop of currency is and the remaing.  I'm ready to do anything for my country.  Jaihind
0 0 why we are not printing notes with expiry date.
2 0 Dear Prime Minister, An extraordinary bold decision to transform our India! Still the common man is not understanding the power of transacting cash less. Similar to 8th November address to the nation, please address the common man how convenient it  is for a vegetable vendor to receive money in his mobile. Create short films in all languages demonstrating how to transact cash less and getting money in their mobiles.It could be reached through radio, TV, cinemas, new paper etc. All Now.
1 0 Dear prime minister, The scheme introduced 500 and 1000 rupees demonize is Good, could you please add expire date in the rupees. For example: like a product having the manufacture and expire date. So once the date is expired we need the change the amount through the bank
1 0 When we have new technologies and updated encryption techniques, why should we use currency that could be forged illegally which is old. If we have that system, then we can be sure the old money returns back to banks and new money is encrypted properly and the chaos we have today is reduced due to unavailable notes. Before the end of the tenth year we can start printing new notes and have them replace the new ones.
1 0 Dear Modiji, We got a smarter PM in you. On eve of Aakrosh Divas, please enlighten the citizen what is stored for them in future "Asha ke din". Automatically Aakrosh Divas will die and Aash Divas  with get birth
0 0 Dear Sir, The Demonetization of the notes 1000 and 500 has crippled the black money hoarders and Terrorist organizations. But do you think the illegal printing of the money hereon and hoardings of cash will stop after this. The initiative taken by you should not a one time thing , this initiative should continue after you are no more as well. The Credit cards and Debit cards have a expiry, why cannot the (paper note) currency have a expiry, say a period of 10 Years.
0 0 Sir, you are doing a fantastic job. The demonitization move was excellent. However, i have a suggestion. Is it possible for you to hand over medals or recognition certificates to the bankers, workers at the mint, and all those working day and night to get the money moving? That will be a motivation and an appreciation for their hard work. My dad worked for the RBI and I know a banker's responsibility. Please consider my suggestion Thanks Priyanka, Bangalore
0 0 Dear Modiji, Dont stop half way. We have just started the journey. Rough roads are ahead, after that hope of beautiful road for journey is waiting. We have to make it.
0 0 Ask all the banker to instruct there customers to write the Payee name along with there account number. And all the account number to be linked with aadhar number and pan number. Let a counter be opened at bank or other central government office to verify the Aadhar number and also issue fresh cards only after verification for duplication. Let the aadhar card be embedded with GPS and linked with specific phone number for tracking. All personal info to be feed in the aadhar card.
0 0 Hon'ble Prime minister Sir, VERY IMPORTANT To cater to RURAL BANKING NEEDS, the nationalised & Private Sector Banks be immediately directed to proliferate into rural areas, by opening new branches, appointing more Micro ATMS, even if means giving concessions/subsidy by RBI to Banks under category of social activity. It will generate employment & encourage villagers to get introduced to e-Transactions. The BANKING SERVICE needs to be provided literally at the DOOR STEP, in RURAL AREAS.
1 0 Sir, I have an idea for lost people. Pls make a Indian government mobile App where anyone can upload lost and found person details with image and others related information without any delay. And this automatically share this with public sharing site/app like Facebook/whatsup/Twitter etc. So information shared to maximum people and help to needed without any delay for prompt action. Rajender kalsain s/o sh Zile singh kalsain , village Kalanaur kalan Rohtak Haryana 9896231274
0 1 Honourable PM Modiji..........I am a former Banker. I have a suggestion for IMMEDIATE DOUBLING OF the availability of issuable currency. New 2000 and 500 notes may be split in to two equal pieces.  Each split piece can be used as legal tender for Rs.1000 and Rs.250 respectively. THIS IS LEGALLY PERMITTED AS PER RBI NOTE REFUND RULES. If implemented within in no time availability and utility of new currency will be doubled. People's will get a big relief.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I request you to devote some sessions of man ki bath to the need of people to urgently resort to mobile banking.you may please spell out all the details like mobile applications of banks, national payment corporation,other applications like paytm,e - vallet,e-transactions etc.people are to be educated on about how a currencyless society can weed out corruption and black money.
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir, To avoid stashing of cash, need policy to restrict availability of currency notes. Suggestions are: 1. Restrict withdrawal thru' ATMS, as existing Rs2000/- per withdrawal 2. Monthly withdrawal not to exceed Rs25000/- 3. Usage of any ATM, any no. of times be at no charge. 4. Limit higher cash withdrawal, only thru Banks with due procedure. 5. Make it MANDATORY by law for Essential Services to accept e-Payments This will promote e-Acceptance.
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister Sir, IMPORTANT Eff 3rd Dec,accepting old Rs500 notes,at Toll Plazas will be counterproductive as every one will present Rs500 note & expect change in smaller denomination. An easier & cheaper way to exchange old notes !. This will create pressure of availability of smaller denomination currency at Toll Plazas & long queues will choke the flow of traffic leading to chaos & criticism. Please make it MANDATORY for all TOLL PLAZAS to accept ONLY E-PAYMENTS thru' CARDS.
0 0 I'm not sure whether my idea is covenient or not but I would like to suggest that if we motivate every poor common people to open the bank account and also provide them cheque book so they can communicate via cheque payment easily.Also I request every educated people should go with cashless procedures to support this Demonetization battle. Bank should provide cash only for small vendors & needy people where as others educated big people can work with online digital transactions.Thanks ModiG 🙏🏻
0 0 Modi ji pls add something for bank employees who have worked very hard and also ensure that all bank employees are working honestly as there are some unnconfirmed rumours of bank managers changing money of people in large amount illegaly on commission. Pls tell them as if someone doing this then not only he is making the black money white but also he is directly or indirectly giving help to enemies and terrorists by making their money white.
1 0 Postal-Agriculture-Railway mass integration: Might this utilize our rich and far out-reaching Postal System. Post-office can venture into commercial food transportation so that farmers can off-load their yield in post-office and get  credit to JANDHAN. Post office in turn will deliver food to every corner of demand through a national integration just like speed post. Any house in Bharat will can get vegetables directly from postman. Orders can be placed in Post offices in advance electronically.
1 0 Respected PM modi ji I want to highlight the condition of private school teachers of our country.as we all know that education system of a country plays an important role in developing a nation. My request is to make it mandatory to all private schools to pay teachers salary into their account...there is a big blackmony game played by pvt schools. They always aak their teachers to sign on blank register entry...
1 0 Food coloring substances/ chemicals are of no use, more over most of them are harm full in one or other way for health, why cant we consider banning all of them to become first country to do so?
1 0 In case we have decided to go cashless, please regulate the wallet companies under RBI / Govt. scanner otherwise chaos and corruption might just appear in even more sophisticated forms - like hacking etc. I would like to suggest to let Govt. alone have the universal platform for old, young, handicapped, multilingual with voice support so that no one is deprived. Such platform would reach every corner of the country thru BSNL and be regulated and controlled under strict vigilance of RBI.
0 0 on demonetisation, please tell our citizens, 'Our govt did this so our children should grow up in an environment in which children of Sweden, Norway, Singapore, Switzerland and Canada grow up. Our govt did it so that our children should have a common future with those children'.
1 0 Sir,just saw your video of today where you addressed the farmers to use mobile phones for payment scheme..But many of them dont even like to use debit cards.So i think the debit card issue is more immediate now, because asking people to pay through mobile phones will make the farmers scared.First debit cards and the term "net-banking" should be used.Because to a farmer payment through phone sounds misleading.
0 0 Earlier children used to be abandoned like this but a few NGO's and Governments introduced Cradles for them.Can't we try a scheme or fund for the Black money.The people can deposit those amounts under that scheme.
0 0 Sir, I totally agree with demonization. Really it's a bold step taken by u. I respect it.
1 0 Namaskaar Sir, In light of prevailing demonetization, humbly wish to submit - 1. Blind can make out paper and coin currency by feeling them; however if we have decided to go cashless then I am not sure how they will operate electronic exchange. They may have to depend on someone to help them. 2. Aged citizens and illiterates again will find themselves in deep helplessness and confusion to transact electronically instead of conventional cash and may often end up being cheated. Kindly consider
0 0 Sir, our roads, atleast in most cities are becoming a nightmare for drivers & pedestrians alike. The carriage way is shrunk due to hap hazard unauthorised parking, occasionally pavement parking, vendors & extension of shops onto pavements. Many instances of non-working signals & street lights contribute to the chaos. Road cutting works are never completed on time. Almost no one follows road rules, weaving in & out of traffic, like an obstacle course. Our accident record is hence not surprising.
0 0 An Idea to stop bribe at govt offices. Hello Mr.PM. 1.An individual/comp. rep. visits authorized typing service centers (monitor activities periodically) apply for any govt process. Application fee collected there (with thatkal option). 2.application flows to document  verification dept. 3.then flows to concern department officer for approval. 4.after final approval applicant can collect certificate from a collection point. Avoid manual presence 90%. Put SLA for a task.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, I am an NRI and now living in Canada, I fully support the decision of demonetization of Rs 500 and 1000 notes. I am sure you might have received similar queries from so many other NRIs and we want to know about disposal of our currency notes in Rs 500 and 1000, though it is small amount like 10-15 thousands but every NRI has similar amount with them. We do not have ant access to the Indian banks and for such a small amount it does not worth to travel to India. Pls advise.
0 0 Award should be given who give valuable suggestion to government this will encourage people to take part in government activities
0 0 Our full support and respect for the bold step of demonization. Input for moving towards a cashless society - Please mention about *99# which can be dialed from any phone for banking transactions even without internet. Users just need to dial *99# from their registered mobile number and can make payments by using account, mmid or aadhar number information of other party.
0 0 In your conversation with us,stress on how black money is generated & less cash & more digital cash.like we pay in hotel in cash and they cancel the bill.tax paid by us in that bill doesn't reach Govt.retailer doesnt give bill & he stress factory to give material without bill. Stress on Effort by indian that whatever one buy the amount should reach to seller's bank account by the buyer stricly no cash.
0 0 Dear sir at first we need to digitalize proof of life for pensioners as we have seen so many old people who are unable to walk to come and submit proof of life for receiving pension if we have some kind of biometric or live cam facility available from home to show the proof of life for elder people that would be the very good step for elder people at least who can't walk.
0 0 Life Story of Narendra Modi 2016  - The struggles of his life under 7 minutes, along with MODI JI latest interview in  2016 version
0 0 On demonization : plz also ensure the unaccounted deposits Not get basic 4℅ interest rate ...jai hind
1 0 Dear Sir, I have a suggestion in driving licence acquiring process. if we have a sensor connected to car and create virtual obstacles with sign boards on the road, the Driver have to pass through the testing process physically however the performance of the driver will be recorded by sensor which records the footprints of a car. The system will give the performance report where the RTO will approve for licence through this we can able to eliminate bribes or process and will get a accurate driver
2 0 India we have huge shortage of tree. PM Modiji Please sanction extra budget for tree plantation in India , In road , new garden , to reduce pollution in CITY and village. Inspire Indian to start plantation as you Inspire swachha Bharat Aviyan. Also Inspire Indian to Use Cycle and public transport as Jana Jagaran , You are a good Leader in India you can Inspire us to fight against Pollution
0 0 Life Story of Narendra Modi 2016  - The struggles of his life under 7 minutes, along with MODI JI latest interview in  2016 version
2 0 India need More and More pilot training Institute, In India there are huge shortage of Pilot . Honorable PM Modiji Please think how to increase More Pilot training Institute in India . India want to export pilot in future. Today India Importing Pilot.
3 0 Respected PM sir,i am a boy of 18 who is very small to give you advice about security of our nation but almost every 2nd day we are losing our soldier's .so a thought came in my mind to make our defence system more powerful by linking ministry of defence with IITs and other technical institutions and promote defence engineering in these institutions as the students studying in these institutes are extremely genius and they can make some unbelievable instruments related to defence.
2 0 Sir, I want to give you an idea regarding use of cashless money. In our country there are many liquor(alcohol ) shops. At these places if you make it mandatory to use only cashless money, then it will be beneficial for everyone. Because only those people buy alcohol who have sufficient money and that type of persons can surely pay by card payment. Black money also controlled. And those who are poor ,who have no card or phone ,they can't able to buy and indirectly there money will saved. Thanks
1 0 Due to delay in availability of notes for more than 2 weeks, now the poor daily wadge labours are suffering at most. Please pay attention to this class urgently and give them some helping hands as well as motivation in your speech for good days.
0 0 Each and every note there should be expire date. After expire date that note should me invalid
0 0 We support demonetization move but Government need to be cautious of generation of black money. Few Suggestions: 1. Limited acceptance of cash by banks depending upon turnover of dealer 2. Non acceptance of cash by either sides of matrimonial parties 3. Banking Transaction Tax @ 1% with permissible exemptions 4. Tax deduction at source @ 20%, if cash transactions exceed permissible limits 5. Punishment for demanding payments in cash. People may be encouraged to respond Regards
0 0 Our dear Prime Minister Narendra Modi, sir,I want to add my suggestions into your the 26th episode of Mann Ki Baat. I want see my country cash-less (not really cash-less),that people must use plastic money, I mean debit cards or e-wallets,net banking etc.I also motivate people to use their cards etc. for paying any amount even for Paani-Puri & autos & car & taxies. PM Sir,tell the whole country to move towards digital modes of payment options. RAJA KUMAR RABIDAS,RAJDHANWAR,GIRIDIH,JHARKHAND
0 0 Dear OM Sir. One, thousands of crores are being deposited by n Jan Dhan accounts. Clearly this is black money of some one else who on commission basis deposits money in someone's account. Freeze this money for next 10 years after scrutinising the account. Use this money for country. Second. shortage of cash in the banks is due to deposits of Banned notes. We get 100 Rs note everyday but don't deposit in bank for fear. Ensure we ain't harassed on routine deposits of new/ 100 Rs notes.
0 0 Sir, I recently visited Bhopal and Indore from USA. Problem is Muncipality. Maximum corruption. At ground level, we need to detect corruption done at municipality level. They are misusing funds for personal gain. You need to come up with a way to bring transparency.
0 0 Respected PM as already mentioned earlier to implement digital transaction & would like to add you on the same Please start educating people through a camp or training sessions for those who are not aware of using online & digital  & cashless transactions.
0 0 Modiji, I need 10 minute time to meet with you. I can help in a big way.
0 0 1)use online ticket system in toll booth -help of machine used in Kerala RTC buses 2)ask all banks to remove light in branch name display board 3) reduce / remove all type of online charges like SBI's rs-50 for branch to branch transfer,irctc booking charges, atm usage charge in pos machine and many more 4)implement a system like,a customer sign a paper,the bank reduce a fixed amount say rs 10/20 in every month from account and cedited to Government's account and must be used for poor people.
1 0 Sir, I can build a Software program for free so that all property information can be collected online. We need to look for benami transactions and only digitization will help. Do not stop now, Young generation need to participate in a big way by using smart phone and recording any illegal activity.
0 0 sir..... what can i say don't know just says we are always with you...
0 0 In your radio address, request each younger generation to become a cop. If they detect any fraud like black money, lots of cash, iiregularity by bank manager in any bank, their own house, their neighrhood, ask them to make a video recording from smart phone. Setup dedicated force by hiring recent accountants and asking them to coordinate with Tax agencies and look at video footages. Any one buying luxury cars, property, foreign tickets must be looked at by Tax department.
1 0 Demonetization Great move. Sir, please link all bank accounts with finger printing authentication of every individual and link PAN/Adhar card with finger printing. Multiple PAN card have been issued to same person for fraud. By linking each PAN with finger printing authentication, we can eliminate duplicate. Need to have a One Property Registry online (All over India) and request all to enter the data. Attach each Property with a PAN and Adhar. Ask for PAN Card # for wife, husband and kids.
0 0 Hi Sir, My point here is about Swacch bhaarat. For any Indian to put Hands together for this mission there should be driving factor from Govt & related entities involved here. For Eg. If a family is travelling, the only opt for them is public toilets. But the public toilets in all govt/pvt bus stands are expensive(For gents 5/- & for women 8/- and even 10/- as well)@ the same time not swacch. on an avg per person per day 40 -50/-!!.please take action to provide quality and affordable toilets.
0 0 Dear Modi ji, Make payment compulsorily at petrol pump over PoS machine. And ensure that no charges are debited to account of payer or any charges in percentage to petrol dealer. Or fix charge amount say rupees 1-5 payable to oil dealer for using POS.
0 0 Sir, tax should be in such a way that it is very less and should be taken from each and every person who is earning something.And this system should be transparent so that people can see their money being utilised. Eg. For toll tax , there should be some display board showing the already calculated amount to be collected. Whenever a person pays the toll tax, immediately those hundred rupees should be deducted. As soon as it becomes zero,the toll tax should be stopped being imposed on the public.
0 0 Sir, my suggestion to improve law and order in our country. All over india stop recruitment in state police dept.we know most currupt and shameless dept is police dept.Recruit in only army. Fix optimum age for army service then transfer to there state for police dept. pension amount reduce reservation issue solve Army culture will help us to improve law and order effectively. Curruption issue most of solve due to army training.indirect big benefit.Pension amount after retirement of army force
0 0 Shrimanji, I have attached a one-page note comment on Judicial system in India and reforms urgently required there. Regards, Asha Rao
0 0 Dear Modi ji, ask each citizen to make payment to Milkman, kirana shop vendor, vegetable shops through mobile banking. Or at least ask to teach them once.
0 0 Dear Modiji, In order to achieve the cashless economy in our country we need access to cheap internet to everybody. But the present base rate of internet in India extremely huge. If not subscribed to any package, we have to pay more than ten thousand rupees for just 1GB of data. If the phone's data connection is on by mistake, all the money in our SIM account will be finished within few seconds. So I am requesting your kind intervention to get cheap internet everybody using money from SIM a/c.
0 0 My Role in National Building,A letter to P.M. Please support my Research/cause by tweeting #IRespectRamarajyam
0 0 Sir,  to avoid black money is impossible in our country having poor middle and higher classes. Avoiding black money is not more important . It is important to keep circulating money.the only thing is to add validity date upto one year to each and every currency note so that no one can keep currency idle in there house. Jai hind
0 0 Sir, Away from the trending # topics 1.Can u PIONEER politically mature debates of the US kind on issues that matter. 2.A pressing request for u to appeal to people to show respect to POLICE PERSONNEL.No One sees their lives from within.I'm a daughter of one, have seen lives of subordinate officials closely. They deserve far better dignity of life, of the kind army recieves.They serve the country too & need constant motivation. 3.Why is it so difficult for girls to join TERRITORIAL ARMY :(
0 0 Sir,please provide incentives to people who use debit cards so that more people will be active on digital platform and will b
1 0 Respected sir,it is really very shameful to say that people of our indian society are still following the tradition of dowry in the age of digitalization.Not even dowry there are many traditions which involves lot of baseless expeditures in the marriages that are followed in order to maintain so called status and pride.It is shamefull that the educated and well earning people are also following such things.The money wasted in the name of marriages can also be given to poor and needy ones #AIR
0 0 Hello sir.demonstration drive u introduced is good.in future all transactions should b done only through cards. help to eradicate black money completely..importand should given to agriculture,employment.join all the river to solve water problem.no people should starve for food, no beggers for food..help people to get loan easily..give more important to farmer ,u fix the price for products.
0 0 Sir ! Excellent step for removing black money. 100% I support for it.Two or more ATM at one location should have RS. 100 one ATM and 2nd ATM should have RS. 2000 note.It will solve the money changing amount at some extant.Best of luck  for your future action.
0 0 Manniya Modi ji, I want to share Mere #MannKiBaat to you. I hope you receive my attached letter & a token of appreciation to you. God bless you. Regards, Isha Manekia
0 0 Sir you have mentioned in your speeches that people will throw money in Ganga or burn it to avoid investigations. I would suggest to start a Jandhan account where people hoarding black money can deposit their money anonymously. Use this money to subsidise smartphones for Jandhan account holders and EBC so India can truly become digital. Sir please let the truly oppressed class find some happiness in their misery.
0 0 Respected beloved Modi saheb I would like to share my views to talk about in your man ki baat is, Under digital india program, pl. Start with e payment to railway as current ticket booking to ticket window by providing swiping machine to booking clerk. so that time will save & exchange of money will also be eliminated. My request is to start all gov. Transactions thru swipe machine only. Gov. Must take initiative every time to set example. Jai Hind
0 0 Dear sir sabse pehle to mai aapko very very thankyou bolna chahunga..."honest country honest PM (MODI JI)",,,, lekin sir aapne kabhi junral balo ke bare mai socha hai kya  kyonki sir har janrul candidate ameer ni hota..... "please sir reserv on Genral"
0 0 Media is a name of freedom then is it mean that they do not follow traffic rules. why media persons don't wear helmet while driving.
0 0 Sir apportionment of found is not properly done.There should b a minimum level of cash reserved for senior citizen daily
0 0 Respected Modi Sir I have one more suggestion, there are thousands of Petrol pumps across India ,most of them from Govt owned HPCL, BPCL,IOC Why not incentivise or advise them to build and maintain separate clean toilets for visitors, they can keep it free or even charge visitors 2₹ for usage, it'll surely go a long way in addressing problems of open defecation,thereby ensuring success of Swach Bharat Mission
0 0 Dear sir....please talk about declaration of gold items like black money under IDS.....and do some action on people who accumulate Gold purchased from their black money.....
0 0 All State Transport conductors existing ticket vending machine can be linked to POS terminals and passengers can carry a pre-paid multi purpose utility card...RuPAY..They can top it as and when they like it..from their main banking account..without the fear of security/hacking. They can pay all utilities,including toll,electricity,railways etc...If Somnath temple can have e-payments, why not all such big temples...mandate it...Our GDP is underesttmated due to cash transactions...zillion effect
0 0 Till today. People like merwan cake  shop,datta snacks, tailors,farsanwala, chemist,grocery shops, ..They proudly say  that or put board on the counter...saying...." we do not accept cards or   only cash "....I suggest we should go to their shops and act for purchasing good quantity of items. .at be 500-1000 rs ..and later. .go away...from the counter ..If they do not accept card or any other cashless mode of transaction. ...I am sure. ..loss of 10/15 customers will immediately impact their dec
1 0 Sir I would like to request you that we should more focus on youth in politics because they are young so they can work more and they can give better idea as they are aware of new technology so they can apply these modern techniques easly.Youth wants to work with you.If you will see we have hardly youth politician in BJP so its request that we should involve youth candidates in upcoming elections.
0 0 Common man has supported our PM's decision .. And shown all support in implementation. But...now it will be onus our government and  banking system to properly utilise the available Cash and have control on NPA..effective utilisation of available Cash i Otherwise public will loose faith in banking system and government .and all  will have to go back in 1000 years back era .
0 0 Respected Modi Sir Demonetisation drive introduced by you is an excellent initiative and has helped in bringing loads of ill-gotten wealth to the banking system, it has also removed fake currency from circulation. If u can present some figures like how much has been collected to far, extent of fake currency removed from system and how this move has helped bring banks for the unbanked like Amul , Tea, Jute workers in Assam WB it'll be really helpful in convincing people about it's success
0 0 Sir, here i propose the unique solution to the ayodhya problem. We can build a grand monument which houses the worship places of all the religions present on the face of planet. A monument which represents the beliefs and faith of all mankind can be called as “Temple of Humanity”. The details of this idea are attached with this message. #MannKiBaat #MyGov #AyodhyaSolution #BabriDemolition #RamMandir @narendramodi @PMOIndia #peace #AIR @#PMOnRadio
0 0 Why everyone is fretting and fuming on demonetisation...when they travel abroad whether they carry currencies or plastic money ? Garlands of cash, splurging cash in marriages/Poojas to be made a public offence.  If they can shop on-line...put a ban on COD sales...All merchants and traders /vendors/Temples/Charitable organisation/Edn institution be provided POS terminals and incentivise the traders for digital transactions.Like credit on soft terms Direct Benefit-no dole out-no Dhan--fruit
0 0 This is just a suggestion, the companies should charge money for use of plastic and glass bottles for daily used items. Once the bottle is returned, the person would get a voucher to use it at a shop. It has been implemented in Denmark and I was impressed how it incentivised people on recycling and keeping their premises clean. Here's on of the information links: http://www.pro-e.org/Denmark It has also been suggested in the UK to implement this, http://tinyurl.com/j2ygfxz Thank you.Good luck
0 0 Honourable Prime Minister Sir, Demonetization has not hit the black money, corruption and terrorism only but in my opinion it is the biggest blow on the governing system adopted from brits after independence which was designed for a slave India and was based on the ideology that Indians are dishonest where as the golden principle of your esteemed self is that majority of the people of this country are honest. The nation had gone through many political disasters and people have overcome all.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, please devise a method so that the MPs both at Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha debate on people's problems with decency and with purpose and not to waste precious time and money of the public during sessions of both the houses of parliament.  please take oath and bond from the MPs at the time of swearing ceremony that if they waste time they agree for punishment and disciplinary action of permanent rustication from the house of people or Rajyasabha for whatever they are elected.
0 0 1.  Make it mandatory for builders to provide temp/mobile toilets to constn workers. In the absence of it they defecate in open space.  Similarly any congregation/convention/mela/festivals, the organizers must provide mobile toilets and sanitize post the venue post the function.  In National Highways public convenience as in J&K Kargil-Leh road..be provided...The public toilets in temple towns are filthy and neglected even in rich temples like Somnath, Dwaraka....Let us start with 7 mokshapuris
0 0 Please provide the small currencies like 100 & 500 rupees new notes towards villages so it will make this compaign successful towards black money.
1 0 Sir as I am a govt.  Servant I would like to request you that pls implement the digitalization as early as possible so it will help to improve our system against black money as well as it will also lead to sincerity & punctuality. & implement the finger print punching system with digital id card for attendance.
0 0 Sir there are lots of people at officer level who has taken the pan card & aadhar card of their worker to exchange the old notes.
0 0 Sir I would like to request u that please link the details of facilities available(like TV, freeze, home, gold , silver, cash etc etc) with each individual with pan card & aadhar card or have a declaration of all above from each individual so we will be able to control black money.
0 1 The Banks are not accepting notes printed before 2005. they are saying go to RBI for changing it. i was not even aware of such a ruling .they are not fake currency. please direct banks to accept it. it will benefit the public who are as it standing in line. public should be allowed to deposit it in their account.may be announced in mann ki baat
0 0 Dear PM, Root cause of all problems in our nation is HUGE POPULATION and this issue is being ignored. All shops, wedding hall owners, caterers, DJs and all retail shops are earning much more than IT professionals but not paying a single penny to the government. Please control.
0 0 Sir,you should ask our youth to set up startups for making biodegradable bags made of corn starch or rice or to set up small cottage industries for converting plastics into green fuel or for making clothes made up of plastics (as was done by Nike in designing Indian cricket team shirt during ICC world cup).These small steps would firstly prevent our environment from pollution ,help unemployed youth to earn,will make our economy strong and will strengthen the Make in India project.
0 0 Most Respected Shri Narendra Modi Ji, Saadar Pranaam. I appreciate the #demonetization scheme and in full support of it. After 50 days, may the first day of new year 2017 come with more stability & prosperity with 0% of corruption... I have composed a message for all Indians, sharing with you. If you like it you could include in your Mann Ki Bat. Best Regards,
0 0 Dear PM Modiji,I appreciate and like to salute you for this historical decision on demonetization.I also appreciate your introduction of Rs.2000, as I feel and think that it got some good property, which is great advantage to Govt.of India in many aspect.Now it will be all responsibility of Govt. to flow these all black money to the poor people and farmers.My Sugg.from this money Pl. introduce one official department of dedicated and honest people who only focus and handle Farmer/BPL/Unemploymt.
1 0 Tackling Black-money in gold: Apply a provisional tax  (not custom duty) of 40% on gold imports, the provisional tax is refunded if the gold jewelers sell thru cashless transactions. They still pay any income tax that they are due. The gold jewelers also should report the cash they have with them daily or weekly to a compliance register which can be looked to tally books. Small mismatches are ok to prevent harassment of the jewelers.
0 0 Respected Sir, First I congrats you for great step My suggestion is if we design one program in which transaction made by debit/credit card.At the time of payment amount split in two portion one is shopkeeper portion and another govt portion suppose any one by 100000 machine vat is charge @12% it means 12000 automatically transfer to govt a/c no need to deposit by shopkeeper
0 0 The citizens are entitled to have healthy food. The Govt must take strong action against food adulterators.  They must be charged for attempt to murder and not let off with fines. This should be next priority of this.
0 0 Respected Sir, i would like to suggest you that through this platform u should speak about a movement just like the  SWACHATA ABHIYAN on the problem of the primary education a movement by naming SHIKSHA ABHIYAN  in which each student of this country is expected to educate atleast five students so that we will certainly able to eradicate the problem which has been affecting our country since independence. Please appeal through this platform to all students to participate in this movement.
0 0 Many states including tamilnadu govt schools. No toilet facility for boys/girls They went open. Make necessary steps in this regard- CLEAN INDIA
2 0 Please provide special benefits to employees of military , railway and all other 24×7 working department, Now days bank employees also.
1 0 Honorable Prime Minister Sir, If I may have to express my viewpoint here, then with utmost respect, I most humbly submit that, almost every citizen of India has welcomed and appreciated the demonetization move. However, a significant number of people are unable to understand the introduction of the Rs 2000 note (denomination). Therefore your honour, you may be pleased to address or clarify it, in your next "Mann Ki Baat" programme. With Regards - Kiran.
1 0 In Gram Panchyat there should be Four year plan instead of Five year plan.
0 0 Sir, For swaach politics, you should allow the Govt employees to contest in the elections,educated and intellegent persons often got govt jobs. If they elected they will temporary resign the job and after terms gets over, they will join job again.Today Govt employees are not allowed to join politics or contest elections, thats why currupts get a chance to contest and win elections..hope sir you will also give a chance to the right persons to lead our country in right direction..
1 0 It should also compulsory for all MLA to visit all indian state instead of foreign visit specially north east state.
1 0 It should be compulsory for all MP and MLA to contribute PradhanMantri rahat kosh & mukhyamantri rahat kosh of respective states.
0 0 i have a question when you ban 500 and 1000 rupee some hospital and  other govt. organisation are saying we will not accept it what will you do for them who not obeys govt. rule?
1 0 Please provide diesel subsidy for every former, Maximum limit upto 50ltr or according to agricultural land size, and process similar to lpg subsidy.
2 0 Sir Modi, after demonetization period 2000 rs note will inc black money and corrupted people will ask money now in 2000 rs note...as they will still do the corruption work bcz they r good in that i want to suggest that the only way to solve this prob is by putting a cap on cash transaction ..max transaction to be done using cash is 1-2 lakh without pan card and 4-5 lakh with pan card and beyond 5 lakh u have to traction online..rest all rejected .
1 0 Respected PM..to make a clean india..i think the first place to be cleaned is the government departments which is directly under your control. There is corruption in every nook and corner of india. I don't understand how far this black money war is going to be successful when there is corruption even in vigilance and enforcement departments..so sad in my region sales tax officers collecting just 2500 as bribe from cracker shop owners who are liable to pay lakhs of rupees as tax.
0 0 Respected Sir, Can we think of a world where Education and Healthcare is free for all the Citizens. India will be the Happiest and the most Innovative and Technologically advanced Country in the world.
0 0 To reduce the hues lines of banks and ATMs, I want to suggest some ideas 1)Declare holding of CASH more than 50,000 as punishable offense. 2)all transitions more than 10,000 should be done by online or via ATMs. please think on these suggestions seriously .
0 0 Sir if demonitision is the war against corruption then you are the prime minister and we are the soldiers in this war
0 0 For persons of unorganised sector we usually open Small Savings or PMJDY a/cs. From today deposit of SBN are not allowed in small savings ac's & how the black money hoarders are misusing PMJDY ac's is already brought to ur notice. If we open normal SB ac then the black money hoarders will be presented with a bigger opportunity to convert the black into white by paying commission to the account holders from unorganised sector. I suggest to minimise the opening of ac's during demonetisation.
0 0 Rspected Sir, .         in your mann ki bat programs plz sir share your view on Mobile Banking and for more promoting Online transactions, I request to you that either reduce Service Tax or At Zero tax so its helpful for public to more using online transaction
0 1 Respected Sir, My suggestion to ask the children's to join for cleaning of roads in their respective cities or towns. It should be made compulsory once a week for every school. Also elder students to help traffic police to manage city traffic. This will develop self awareness amongst students who are future citizens of India. Jai hind. Samir Rawal Ahmedabad.
1 0 Celebrating spirit of Lachit Borphukan who is as much A hero in North east as Shivaji is in west / south India and Maharana Pratap is in North India. Please integrate North east culturally by embracing their heroes
0 0 Honourable PM Sri Modi Ji Being a banker, I fully support the demonetisation decision by your govt. I would like to inform that queues / footfalls have reduced significantly in banks compared to the first 10 days of demonetisation.We the bankers of Karnataka have worked 14 days in last 15 days. Tomorrow, 4th Saturday of this month we have been instructed to conduct camps for opening if accounts of unorganised sector/persons. On this subject I write to inform that for persons of unorganised
0 1 Namaskar ji, Why 2000Rs note is brought into system ? Sincerely Manikiran
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, I appreciate your historic decision on demonetization which would prove a turning point of Indian economy. Being an educator and I strongly feel that we need to make India digitally strong but our youngsters waste their precious time in chatting,messaging and gaming. It would certainly make big difference if you advise our youth to reduce their screen time and do something substantial to contribute to nation building. with regards Rakesh Semalty Ghaziabad, UP
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, I appreciate your historic decision on demonetization which would prove a turning point of Indian economy. Being an educator and I strongly feel that we need to make India digitally strong but our youngsters waste their precious time in chatting,messaging and gaming. It would certainly make big difference if you advise our youth to reduce their screen time and do something substantial to contribute to nation building. with regards Rakesh Semalty Ghaziabad, UP
0 0 School dress is becoming a concern for people of all classes and specially poor who try to afford good schooling but then are concerned with books and dress.  The schools have made it a business with making it compulsory. They play in such a way that color is same but there is stripes on lower class means a student of KG Will wear pullover with stripes and wen promoted to class 1 will have to wear plain pullovers.now they are getting buttons on shirt with school name.there need to be uniformity.
0 0 Please focus on middle class families as well. Your decision for banning notes was not well planned. If this could have been worked out before the announcement the picture will be different. Today people have to stand in queues for hours to change the money, loosing there one day pay or leave. Now it is bit OK but this should be thought of in the begning. All the ATM as dry with no money. The Rs 2000 notes which we are getting from ATM, there is no change in the market to change.
1 0 Government should start e-wallet app that may be some kind of similar to paytm and made it mandatory to every shopkeeper to register them to that app.This would be the best way to promote cashless transactions.Today we have very limited shops of daily use that accept e-payment.Even if we want to pay online we have limited options available. If government really want citizens to go cashless it would be a mile stone step in this regard! #myGov
1 0 Big bazar n petrol pumps are giving rs 2000 on swipe of debit card/credit card. This scheme of cash disbursement could be extended all the POS machines( ie card swipe machine). In India we have around 14 lakhs + such machines.
0 1 Dear Narendrabhai, This time आपके मन की बात should focus to villages where not only किसान live but also young landless villagers too form major part. These young villagers want to make their villages model by working themselves in own villages rather than working as labourers in cities. I request you to share your vision with these landless aspiring young boys & girls of villagers. I am from small tribal village in Chhotaudepur dist. located near हांफेश्वर मंदिर on Narmada valley.
0 1 Dear Sir, Please forbid educational institutions from forcing parents to pay fees for six months in advance. It puts lots of burden on parents and also generates black money.
0 1 Demonetisation to be followed with 1.ban on purchase of goods n services above certain limit say 20000 in cash at any shop or retail outlet. It wil stop use of black money in consumption. It wil also ensure collection of indirect taxes. 2. All transaction in agriculture Mandi above 50000 trough banking channel. Rs 50000 wil cover marginal n small farmers. 3. All agriculture having sale above rs 5 or 10 lakh to be taxed at some rate may be based on low rate of 4% prsumpative tax.rate.
0 1 sir , iam an idian living in a state that is not at all democratic , a girl speaking up because she want to be free to choose and speak. in india it doesnt matter if u are educated or not what speaks is corruption and money, even u stoped black money but people are still changing bulk, sir iam an girl who was forced by a guy to be with him infact til date forced reason he is gunda. sir atankwad kaise jaengy jab hum indians ke beech aise 100 hai police system sab paise pe jee ra#PMO#AIR#INDIAN
0 1 sir, even if 3 lack crores out of about 15 lack crores of demonitized currency found black money,please distribute the same amongst all 30 crore Indian families, 10,000 each through their bank accounts, as the overdraft to spend through their rupay card, by which about 36 lack crores of business per annum will become accountablity,and the government will get all taxes and again that revenue will be spent for the welfare of the Indian people and everyone will be happy,which is SRI RAMA RAJYAM
0 0 Hi sir wish u a good health I want u to link all the undisciplined driving fines to aadahar card & this can be seen by all the employer & this helps to judge the person.who he is..safe & diciplined driving is everyone's resp not gov. One who is irresponsible in public should not be given the responsible job in company. Each individual should be held responsible for what mistake he has done.Gov should take initiative to make every citizen more responsible
0 0 Sir,We all think that demonetisation will be good for our country But now we all are living in fear about our future. All industrialists,traders,staffs have doubt about their future occupation.At present there is no business at all.By being idle all are talking negatively and there is negativity all around.It seems that few people may go into deprecation.So,I request you do take some step Sir. All are sufferers of the flaw system since independence and now everyone want to live in fair system.
0 0 Respected Modi ji, Plz talk about demonetisation this time,there is lot of confusion in general public and also inconvience.The worst affected are patients,those having marriages due to non availability of cash in banks and ATMs.I support demonetisation move but at the same time like to tell u honestly that the home work was not done well ....and if the things r not sorted out early....especially cash deficiency is not met early...things may turn bad n opposition will further exploit situation.
0 0 I WANT THAT MODIJI SHOULD SPEAK ABOUT THE PROBLEMS FACED BY THE FAMILIES AND CONDOLENCES TO PEOPLE WHO HAD SUFFERED DUE TO DEMONETIZATION WHO HAD TO STAND IN LONG QUES. AND TELL THE PEOPLE TRUTH ABOUT THE DEMONETIZATION AND IT'S LARGE POSITIVES OUTCOMES AND ON COUNTRY ECONOMY. PLS. THANK ALL THE BANK PEOPLE WHO ARE WORKING SO HARD. AND UR MESSAGE SHOULD REACH AT THE GRASSROOTS IN ALL LANGUAGES. AND PLS TELL THE PEOPLE TO HELP EACH OTHER IN THIS TIME. WHO NEED CASH FOR MARRIAGE,FEES,HOSPITAL ETC.
0 0 Dear Modiji,  There are lot of excellent schemes for the poor but most of the leaders are not implementing the schemes honestly. Even a handful of schemes implemented honestly our India become the richest in the world, the most intelligent Indian people will come back to their motherland from different parts of the world.  Please do something to get back the cream. Most of the Indian parents are forced to go to old age homes or feeling lonely. May God bless U with long life.Long live
1 0 The incident I saw made me to come here and write to you with a hope that you will talk on this topic. Please pardon me for any grammatical error because I had my pre board paper tomorrow. But yes I really want that this topic will be discussed . You’re sincerely Nitika Srivastava.
1 0 I just want thatthrough your “man ki baat “ you urge everyone to be more sensitive towards this issue and make everyone aware that how they have to respond or react   at their own level at this time   because tomorrow anyone us can be in the place of that women .And you also ask state governments to make maximum green corridor for AMBULANCES so that our own people can reach to hospital at time. Becozse it is very painful tolisten thathe or she would be alive if you bought them 5min.before
1 0 Dear PM,Can we do a campaign for for mandate organ donation which will help our Army as well as civilians.I am sure it's not so easy step but i am sure you can find some alternate way. But if this success all Indian should have right to get free organ transplant treatment. We should have a happy and healthy India.
1 0 Respected sir, Today I want to talk on one the most ignored topic that is the attitude of people after seeing an AMBULANCE. While coming from school, day bfre yesterday I heard the siren of AMBULANCE but unfortunately no one gave way to that AMBULANCE I can clearly see a women crying inside it but I doubt how everyone was unable to see that.
0 0 Sir, Jai Hind, I wanted to share my view on Black Money & Corruption. There should be a web portal showing names of who are raieded by IT department all the relative info should be uploaded on that portal so that everyone will come to know about that every person and he/she whosoever it may be will vain his/her personality in the eyes of society and public and in that they will fear of doing corruption. Please look into this and let's make a clean & free INDIA.. :)
0 0 Sir, Jai Hind, I wanted to share my view on Black Money & Corruption. There should be a web portal showing names of who are raieded by IT department all the relative info should be uploaded on that portal so that everyone will come to know about that every person and he/she whosoever it may be will vain his/her personality in the eyes of society and public and in that they will fear of doing corruption. Please look into this and let's make a clean & free INDIA.. :)
0 0 Sir , decision taken by is correct.Hats off to you.Such decisions can be only taken by taken by the person having spine.I am a hose wife , even I am also facing shortage of cash.I also stood outside bank for exchanging notes for household expenses but I support you.My husband is a salaried person.He pays income tax but we feel cheated when others who are earning lakhs and crores of rupees do not pay their tax.
0 0 Dear Modiji, As we are moving to cashless economy kindly ensure safety to card users.  Introduce cards which can be used only for withdrawing and depositing cash in ATMs. Initiate very stringent measures to curb cyber crime. Give as much freehand as possible to IAS, IPS officers without any interference from political leaders. As u are going to clean political system, also clean police system. Give courage to people to complain against corrupt. May God give U more strength,
0 0 Dear Sir, First of all congratulation on step taken by against "Corruption and Black Money". Every step taken by you is a mile stone in India's growth.Everyone is appreciating of demonetization and we also tell them about the benefits of it.But there is some misconception in public that how will you stop corruption and black money in future as new big currency will be in market.So my request to you is please give assurance to people that you have already made some plan against it,we'll convey.
0 0 I think the decision to demonetize Rs.500/Rs.1000 notes is taken without proper planning. now RBI has failed PM. today most of the banks are without cash. why new RS.500/ note is still illusive. this decision could have been taken when sufficient currency to re[place was available. why governor of RBI should not be terminated for putting nation into such a chaotic conditions and putting PM in such sorry state. THE NATION NEEDS AN EXPLANATION FROM HIM.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister.100% support for cashless transactions and hats off to the initiatives taken by the government.However, the rural poor may still not understand the efficacy of the initiative and propaganda of the same may be taken on war footing basis so that the ultimate goal of DIGITAL INDIA dream may be realized soon.
0 0 Dear Modiji, Please arrange to stop printing of Rs.2000/- notes immediately. Please find ways to issue Debit cards which CAN BE USED ONLY TO WITHDRAW CASH as most of the villagers cannot securely use their cards. They may be advised to use wallets only or any other mode which cannot be used for internet banking.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister.I am personally touched by the initiative taken by your government for Swachh Bharat.Few weeks ago i was in Delhi for a three day workshop in Piccadilly Hotel. During the break time i walked down the street to reach to the next building.I found open urination being done by the public and all the papers littered all over.Community based or local area based awareness initiatives may enhance the programme to achieve its goal.Everyone needs to feel a part of the initiative.
0 0 Dear Modiji, Instead of criticizing black money control the corrupt people must go to their places and suggest ways and means to mitigate the hardships of people.  One politician who is having an educational institution in Visakhapatnam in AP state went to a vegetable market and distributed Rs.one hundred currency which was collected by his college as fees from students. Our Chief Minister conducted meetings with collectors and initiated lot of measures to help the citizens of AP.
0 0 Perfect desion for black money. Now will be the great country in This world... Thanks I supported...
0 0 Respected Prime Minister ji I convey my heartiest congratulations for  bold step taken by you to demonetization of Rs.500/ 1000 notes which will in wipe out the Black Money from our country. If we go through the history first of people from out side the country looted the country  till 1947 and after that the peoples from within country looted till 2014. With our pray you had taken over the reins of the country and we expect great change in near future to convert India as sone ki Chirya.
1 0 Dear Prime Minister, Good evening !!!!! I think the Jan dhan yosna was the amazing step and later on demonetization is a superb idea who ever says whatever. It is not only to reduce the black money but also a very good step save the country from terrorism. We are more than happy to stand in ATM and bank que line for few months instead of facing terrorism and corruption.The person who is talking against your decision may not be aware what exactly a terrorism is thanks for saving our country
0 0 My dear Modiji, Some black marketers are criticizing U that poor people standing in queues in front of banks are dead. They should realize BLACK MONEY LENDING (CALL MONEY) in villages has killed how many people ? how many poor housewives and their girl child were forced into prostitution by call money people? how many lost their land/property mortgaged for petty amounts? how much interest they charged: for Rs.one lakh they recovered Rs sixty thousand per MONTH.
0 0 Hon'ble PM. First of all, hearty congratulations on "master stroke" of demonitezing the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes. Black money is destroying the fabrics of our beautiful society. It's making the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Please don't let the pressure being put by the opposition wear you down.I salute for the courageous act. My question is what is being done to get rid of the other problem we have in our country, and that is "bribe taking"? It's going from bad to worse.
0 0 His Excellency,Prime Minister "Charity begins at home" After applying online for Voter I-card, I went for verification at the ERO Chandivali-168 which was in dismal state, after looking the conditions of the office I remembered "Swachh Bharat Mission". So I believe there should be inspections by independent authorities of the government offices especially local offices because if this is done than the faith in the mission of clean India campaign would be cherished.
0 0 As every small to small village having railway station where problem of bank and ATM is found.And this a good transportation to deliver money on time.The software updation probably takes 10 days.After that that software can be linked to Aadhar Card data like Jio or All bank branches to make easier transactions
0 0 Dear Sir Here is the suggestion related to demonetization.As this was a good idea but implementing this idea on a large population facing lots of problem. for overcoming from this problem you can create one extra counter at Indian Railways for exchanging money.As all indian railways using the real time software. you can do one thing to add an extra module in that software for the updation of money related data and will generate the receipt for the amount.
0 0 MOST RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER SIR GREETINGS! WE ARE HAPPY TO MAKE COUNTRY A CASHLESS SOCIETY AND ERASE ALL OLD DENOMINATIONS WHICH WAS HIT BY THE EXPLOITERS AND MIMICRY DEALERS. BUT IT HURTS WHEN WE HEAR MIMIC IS READY AND ORIGINAL IS NOT AVAILABLE. THERE SHOULD BE DEATH PENALTY FOR FAKE CURRENCY DEALERS. THIS IS RIGHT TIME TO MAKE THE CURRENCY BLIND FRIENDLY. THE AVAILABILITY OF BRAILLE SIGNAGE WILL ALSO HELP IN STOPPAGE OF FAKE CURRENCY. REHGARDS JAVED AHMAD KASHMIR 9469064964
1 0 Sir, My question is that Is there is a chance of increase in jobs for those who are not able to study? or not able to pay there education fee the thing is that parents had spend lot of money for education but today youth were not able to get jobs.
0 0 Respected PM Modiji, The common people of India have placed unshakable faith in you which is evident in their support to #demonitisation. Please share simple, easy to understand example of Digital payment in your simple style during next #MannkiBaat so that common man understands and adopts it in his everyday purchase and shopping. Many people seem confused and unwilling to freely adopt to cashless transactions due to some hesitation and comfort with dealing with cash over a long period.
0 0 R/Sir, with respect,request your good office to do the needful step by step for demonetisation which may highly benefited to our next generation. They are our future, now onwards need to understand the National Interest through Monetary aspect. Let all children open up and participate in our own Country building. Adding, Let children's have an 'Academic ATM card', where all academic records can be established. Benefit for E-green initiative. Understanding the monetary values is necessary.
0 0 Respected Prime minister Modiji .Congratulations for demonitization & focus on Digital payments.With the implementation of Digital India and UPI (digital payments)there will be a surge in demand for basic, budget and rugged mobile phones with regional languages as the interface language. In view of this, is it possible to revamp ITI and make it a producer of smart & feature phone? Advantages: Revive the sick PSU ITI ; Supports Make in india; Reduced Imports.
0 0 sir, After having booked gas online (Bharat Gas)in Dhanbad, I started making online payment only to know that the said distributor was not registered for online payment. Sir,the very basic necessity i.e. gas is not supported by online payments then how can we dream of cashless economy.
0 0 Hon'ble Prime Minister, The recent demonetisation move of the government has broken the back of corrupt and the currency shortage has promoted cashless habits of our countrymen. I want this edition of Mann ki baat to be focussed on this issue and it should explain to  listeners the followings: 1. Benefits of it in short and long term. 2. How it will promote electronic transaction for country's clean future. 3. The misconception spread by opposition about Rs. 2000 note.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, first of all i salute to you for taking the decision of demonetization of 500&1000 rupee notes. I want to give some suggestions to you on this issue 1.now we have the opportunity to launch a new voluntary  disclosure scheme again with 5crore maximum limit of a family not individual and tax penalty of 60-70%. it have some benefits like peoplewill not trying to beat the system,less trying to convert black money in to white, Govt will get higher revenue.
0 0 Hi PM. I would like to congratulate you on your new initiatives.
0 0 Dear PM, PFA a strategy for curbing the menace of Black Money for once and all.
1 0 MOST RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER SIR GREETINGS ACCESSIBLE INDIA CAMPAIGN WAS LAUNCHED ON 3RD DECEMBER 2015 TO CREATE ACCESSIBILITY IN ALL OLD INFRASTRUCTURE IN CAPITAL CITIES AROUND THE COUNTRY. ON ONE HAND THE CAMPAIGN IS YET TO IMPLEMENT BUT ON OTHER HAND IT HURTS WHEN NEW INFRASTRUCTURE UNDER CONSTRUCTION IS FULL OF BARRIERS AND HURDLES. IN J&k STATE A NUMBER OF COLLEGE, HOSPITAL, COURT, UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS AND RURAL INFRASTRUCTURE IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION BUT NOT FRIENDLY FOR THE DISABLE PEOPL
2 0 Good evening sir my name is Vineeta Jha a student pursuing a masters degree. I am very happy with this step of demonetisation because it is such a step that has bought the whole population of our country together at once. My observation after 16 days of this process is if possible we should get a thorough check of the bank employees working throughout for this huge and promising step for our finances.
0 0 Distribution of accumulated black money for infrastructure improvements or to  poor can make it white fine for economy
1 0 RESPECTED PRIME MINISTER SIR AADAB IN THE LAST YEAR NOVEMBER MAN KI BAAT EDITION YOUR GOOD SELF ASSURED OF THE EMPOWERMENT OF THE DISABLED PERSON IN THE COUNTRY BUT PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES FACE IMMENSE CHALLENGES. ON ONE HAND THE NEW DISABILITY BILL IS PENDING SINCE 2010. IT IS YET TO PASS IN THE PARLIAMENT. IT IS THE TOOL THAT DISABLE PEOPLE CAN USE TO PROTECT THEIR RIGHTS. KINDLY PASS THE DISABILITY LAW SOON SO THAT PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES ARE INCLUDED AND MAINSTREAMED & NOT DISCRIMINATED
0 0 Helping those who want to help ... Replace all high notes with 100rupee as it defeats the idea of public money from going black Reduce time of adoption as a poor kid cannot wait for several years to be brought home Education for slum kids and poor ones has to be brought about by letting them hop into public schools that have to be built all around to compete against so called hitec international schools Pls take ownership of public libraries and poor WiFi to convert into best qualcity govt
0 0 Respected Honourable prime minister  Shri Narendra Modiji, I would like to congratulate  on your decision on demonetization .this will be a step forward for  build digital india and  start of elimination of corruption and black money. meanwhile I have  concern that  some of the super markets like spencer's in Visakhapatnam is not accepting cards payment for txn below 100.  Request you to order all the stores and supermarts to receive any small amt thru card txn.
0 0 Hi Sir,I admire your idea and resolve to fight the corruption and black money in our country.I dont want this to become a issue and blocks your drive.Hence,I would like to put forward my views on this:1)Please ask all manufacturing sector/garments sector(anything where we have more contract people being employed)to start acts for their workers.2) Make sure the BPL is adjusted in a way that ppl wont feel it asproblem.3) More Rs.500 notes,please,this is really an issue 4) Crop related insurance
0 0 Sir, Would like to share our Mann Ki Baat, on standing in the long winding Q for the ATM. When we stood in the line, we felt as if, we are standing in the Q FOR THE NATION, This is not a line for the ATM, but a Q for the NATION and felt really proud of that. In fact,it's familiar scene where v saw so many countrymen patiently waiting in d Q for their turn & most of them, if not all, knew, this is happening for Good & this is a cause of the nation & we all should do our bit for nation!JAIHIND
0 0 Sir, Would like to share our Mann Ki Baat, on standing on the long winding Q for the ATM. When we stood in the line, we felt as if, we are standing in the Q FOR THE NATION, This is not a line for the ATM, but a Q for the NATION and felt really proud of that. In fact, it's familiar scene where we saw so many countrymen patiently waiting in d Q for their turn & most of them, if not all, knew, this is happening for Good & this is a cause of the nation & we all should do our bit for nation!
0 0 Respected Honorable prime minister, Shri Narendra Modiji, I would like to bring attention towards Rail accidents. There might be some people who are damaging rail tracks. In today's advance wireless technology, system can be developed to monitor rail track condition is intact. Any railroads are disconnected, it should send alarm to Driver who is approaching on the same track and also alert to railway system.
0 0 People depositing old 500 and 1000 in NPA accounts should not be penalised. this will improve the banks' position.
0 0 Respected Honorable prime minister, Shri Narendra Modiji Many Private managements of engineering and medical colleges are making their black money into white money by depositing money money on employees account.Then it will taken from the employee. Kindly verify the salary account of the all the employees. Thanking you sir
1 0 Honourable PM, I would like  draw your attention to the issue of allowing a candidate to contest more than one constituency - should a candidate be allowed to contest in more than one constituency?  When a person contest and wins from multiple constituencies, he/she has to keep one and resigns from other seats within six months, making the way for bi election which cost a lot of tax payers money. None be allowed to contest election to legislature if he already remains the member of legislature.
1 0 Dear Sir, I feel this is the time to educated citizen of all categories (Farmer, tea stall, coolie, government servicemen, private service man, business men) about importance, benefit and ways of cash less transaction. It's time to go cash less and give whole world a biggest example of better place to work and live. Felt proud to be an Indian....
0 0 CONFEDENTIAL:  DEMONETIZATION: ”By championing the poor and fanning class resentment, Our Honorable Prime Minister also seeks to create a support base that is Non-Sectarian in terms of caste and religious community.” This is what our PM has done with regard to his support base with his demonetization scheme. The trader class and the other sections of the newly moneyed traditional BJP supporters have been hit hard by their cash hoards being stripped of value. They have to now pay a premium to c
0 0 Now it's time to thInk how r Indian soldier is doing duty 4 our Mland agNST D PAK attack. Each & every day our soldier is sacrificing their life for us to protect from the terrorist and all, Butsome of our Political leaders is busy instead of thinking of warior they are thinking about 500/& 1000/- notes so sad by looking this all that the political leaders are doing march towards the Rastrapati Bhawan and Parliament for the withdrawl of Notes. it seems good if they d mrch agnst PAK 2 Fight Teror
0 0 respected sir, i support step of  demonetization efforts, i work in transport co. In demonetization our owners dispose his black money with petrol pumps, tyre company etc. i suggest please make an app for employees to disclose, where the owners dispose his black money.
0 0 Respected PM, Please request the people to co-operate in the demonitization process of the govt, remind them about the Indian soldiers sacrificing their life for the sake of our safety & wellbeing. Hence, it is our duty to help & co-operate with the govt to weed out black money from economy & the system. The govt is asking its citizens only a few months and some inconvenience, which is nothing compared to the sacrifices of the soldiers,death of citizens in bomb blasts, terror strikes Jai Hind
0 0 Dear Sir, I feel proud to support your bold & unprecedented demonetization scheme,I want to bring 1 point to your notice,In the few medias and here and there in public few people are exchanging notes with percentage, I feel it can be only possible through BANK employees, Because it is were we have cash now, In some of rural and urban area of  people are taking few employees are doing that, Is Govt keeping eye on them so that people who are doing that is caught and punished for their mistakes.
0 0 Manniya Pradhan Mantriji, Main Srichand Chimnani Sr.Citizen, request your honor kindly to consider my suggestion letter sent here with
0 0 Dear Prime Minister Sir, Nowadays all private schools and colleges are looting more amount in the name of capitation fee. Though parents are well educated and can educate their child better than schools there is no proper mechanism. Hence everyone is joining their children from the age of 2.5 yrs. Hence I suggest that the parents who are interested can educate their children of their own. If the children can pass the common tests for each grade , they can get their eligibility. By this int
0 0 I really appreciate your idea of Sanitization & Demonitization ie leading towards Digitisation.To err is human due to which there is a loophole in this act which causing troubles for common people. Hence please try to start digital transactions specially on those affected fields like healthcare & small businesses etc.Also you shouldn't have brought the 2000Rs because it may bring BlackMoney in future. I'm not an economist who can provide expert advice but always with my country first! Thanks 🙏🏻
0 0 for mann ki baat november 2016 from Dilip chand Shankhla jodhpur rajasthan dilipchand2010@gmail.com 9828817139
0 0 ALLAHABAD BANK WADALA WEST BRANCH IS A SLAUGHTER HOUSE, AS FAR  AS HANDICAP CITIZENS AND SINEOR CITIZENS ARE CONCERNED.NO SEPRATE LINE FOR HAMDICAP AND SENIOR CITIZEN. I DARE YOU PRIME MINISTER TO DISSMISS THE WHOLE STAFF OF ALLAHABAD BANK WADALA WEST BRANCH.THIS BRANCH GIVES DIFFERENT AMOUNT EVERYDAY. ON ONE DAT RS 5000. OTHER DAY RS 2000. ALLAHABAD BANK WADALA WEST BRANCH IS HELL FOR SENIOR CITIZENS. THANK YO PRIME MINISTER FOR HARRASSING HANDICAP CITIZENS AND SENIOR CITIZENS.
0 0 Dear Sir, Since Demonetsation, Corrupt people are using PMJDY account to convert their black money into white. Poor people donot think of consequences as they are not aware of that. They live on daily basis routine. My suggestion is you start showing them the good reasons of NOT helping the corrupt. Show them the right path so that they donot allow anybody to misuse there right. Please do something sir. Only you can save India from these corrupt people
0 0 Dear PM Ji, Now that you have cleared up black money by you demonetization scheme. Going forward, to stop black money I suggest any cash withdrawal from bank should be restricted even after 30th Dec16. This will help in preventing generation of fresh black money. Regards Baskaran
0 0 Respected Sir, All the old areas of major cities are called as Old Delhi, One Town, etc. and new areas are referred as New Delhi, Navi Mumbai etc. throughout the country. Thereby neglecting these origins of the cities in development. These areas may be given more priorities in sanitation, underground electricity, cement roads etc. and these Original cities may referred as First Delhi, First Mumbai etc. These areas contribute more taxes per sq km. and highly dense. Dont neglect in the name of dev
0 0 Modi Ji, you have an amazing opportunity to initiate comprehensive economic re-engineering. People will love you foreve if this money is used for improving the lives of people at the bottom of the pyramid. Surging government coffers should be used for creating framework for inclusive growth, revitalising farm sector, building rural and semi- urban economy and also for creating world class infrastructure. Marginalised farmers could be waved off and free health insurance for BPL families.
0 0 Respected Modiji, We are with you on the issue of demonetization. Your intentions are noble and in the interest of the nation and beneficial for future generations. However, I would request to issue smaller denomination currency Rs.100 through maximum arms. For past 2 weeks, Rs.2000 note is only being disbursed by most ATMS. Common man suffering of getting change for Rs. 2000 must be reduced, otherwise it will create unrest and riots..Anticipation a favourable action. Yours truly, the common ma
0 0 Respected PM, Your Decision to ban 500/1000 notes is absolutely in favour of Country's future. But in these 15 days I'm watching regularly back door games of money exchange and withdrawal of money from Banks with the help of Bank Employees and general people are waiting outside the Banks patiently. It is my advice to you to control over Bank Employees otherwise situation will become more adverse and you & your Party will pay in upcoming Elections in 2017 & 19 both.
0 0 Sir, First I thank you for your bold decision to ban Rs. 1000 and Rs.500/-  It is a very good step taken by your government.  Sir as you took this measure as a relief measure to the common man I am also placing a requistion to yo Sir.  My father was working in Neyveli Lignite Corporation which comes under coal ministry and he retired from service in 1996 and was informed that there will be pension. But till date NLC has not declare pension for its retired employees. So kindly do the needful Sir.
0 0 Only One Line - How can a party ruling 70 years could talk about poverty in India. They have kept india poor for 70 years and want BJP to make them rich in 3 years..
0 0 Hon' PM Sir, 8/11 @ 8- not just demonetization but a Major Economic Reform. Except guilt/ all others are happy. Every one have understood the purpose of 500/1000 note ban. In your Man-Ki-Baat, I request you to thank people of India for showing such a massive support/discipline/Patience during the whole transformation process. Then please Talk about Ethics/Principles/Human values/Wisdom/Analyse the info with what is Right with focus on Youth.
0 0 regarding swachh bharat, it cannot be successful while we continue to support consumption of pan masala/ tobacco/ gutkha and such things.. Not only are these harmful for the user's health, but the spitting of this stuff spoils cleanliness too.. these should be discouraged and banned..
0 0 Modiji we and majority of people  are with you on demonetisation decision. Sir, please do not change your decision, it hurts to see the opposition playing dirty games, but we will stand with you!
0 0 We all welcome your decision to ban 500/1000 notes. The losers will include people in power viz Govt officers and politicians. Once they lose cash they are holding they will try to make up the losses in new notes. As such the corruption had increased at all levels except top ministers. There is no fear among bribe takers as no action has been taken against them as per public knowledge. It is likely that their rates of bribe will increase many fold making life of common people miserable.
0 0 Dear Sir, Salute to your initiative of demonetisation of 500 & 1000 note. Now we have to educate people not to be scared about their savings. The money should not be locked in one place, it has to flow, then only the economy will be good. the people in rural india assumes keeping cash at home is safe and pride. that's why many robbers are roaming. Today banks are working 24x7 through ATM, IMPS, debit cards, etc.
0 0 PLEASE STOP TO DEPOSIT BANNED CURRENCY IMMEGIATELY BECAUSE NOW DEPOSITING IT BLACK MONEY HOLDERS ONLY
0 0 There must have a library room in every school from primary to secondary level.Authorities may ensure that every student read one hour in the library during school hour. Reading habits must have grow from early ages.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, After 30 Dec. the surplus BM will carry no value. The holders may burn, flush or destroy  notes. My humble request/suggestion to you is that after 30 December open a window (for a week) in financial organisations and invite the people to deposit surplus black money in an account in name of "SENA KALYAN KOSH", without giving their identity. This money may be exclusively be used for purchase of arms and ammunition. Thanks  Dr. Ramesh Kumar Sehgal, scientist, DEHRADUN
0 0 Please ask  "ALL" banks to "PROACTIVELY" create  VPA (Virtual payment address) for all its current account customers and publish the same in a directory for UPI based payment. Please ask the local bodies eg. Municipalities, Corporations, Local bodies, make NO-REFUSAL of DIGITAL PAYMENTS as "A CONDITION for TRADE LICENCE" for wholesalers and SUPPLIERS to kirana and retail stores. Supply Rs500 notes to rural areas on WAR FOOTING by Air. Educate consumers to use mobile  payments as prefered
0 0 Sir..we r with u on yr decision on black money..now we expect that u make a rule by which no uneducated people can be our village head...because they instead of developing village develope oneself and the middle man..and relative....so if they will be educated then a real development can be seen........
0 0 THE COST OF HIGHWAYS  WHICH ARE DEVELOPED IN PPP(BOT/BOLT OR ANY OTHER MODEL )COULD BE MADE ONLINE(INCLUDING THE INTEREST/ AGREEMENT PERIOD) WITH DISPLAYS ON THE TOLL BOOTHS ON THE CONCERNED STRETCH OF THE ROAD. ON PAYMENT OF TOLL, THE AMOUNT SHOULD BE DEDUCTED FROM THE BALANCE AND SHOULD RUN 24/7  BOTH IN  AN ONLINE PORTAL AND THE TOLL BOOTH WHICH WILL BE OPEN TO ALL TO CHECK. THIS INCREASES TRANSPERANCY AND WILL AVOID CLAIMS OF FAVOURING THE FIRMS CONCERNED.
0 0 Please clear, If anyone saved 5 Lakhs from his entire life in 500/1000 notes & they have no Bank Account and Never filed ITR. What they need to do? This is almost same question raised in entire Rural india. Please clarify how they can convert their money. I supporter of BJP and Govt. But this is must required answer from govt.
0 0 The next hit hard points are dominance of politics and money power in housing and education sectors. Many schools run by politicians are running without even recognition and parents are being blackmailed for so many things. Other areas are universities and scientific institutions wherein top authorities hold great autonomy and make use of the same for corruption or suppressing some of the juniors who don't favor them for wrong doings.
0 0 People don't like arvind kejriwal and his all statements. Please lock him or kick him. we can't bear our misbehavior with our Prime Minister.
0 0 I am working as a software professional in a private company and I am currently in maternity leave for past 2.5 months. As the bill was not passed in lok sabha for female employees some companies are not giving 6 months including my company. It will be a pleasure for me and I can take 6 months leave if the bill is passed in lok sabha immediately. Thanks in advance.
0 0 Please aware people to check new and old currency notes before acceptance. That will help to curb counterfeit currencies.
0 0 Tomorrow is our 67th Constitution Day. On your 26th episode of Mann ki Baat, I would like you to make aware of their fundamental rights and duties. Let us make the Constitution a holy book for every citizen of our country. Let them feel proud over their own Constitution and they will do anything to defend in. And, thank you for the demonetisation move. This will go a long way in fighting corruption May God bless our country and citizens! JAI HIND!
0 0 Sir: A withdrawal limit with Condition at bank branch is a must going fwd (at a later stage once things become normal) as in countries like US and UK (unlike what Dr.ManMohan Singh claims in RS). Of course, no banks in any country can impose restrictions to withdraw the hard earned money but then a withdrawal beyond a prescribed from OTC or Teller are process-completed BY COMPLETING ALL DETAILS OF THE PERSON WITH REASONS ATTACHED TO GOVT AND APEX BANK as these nations... (refer attachment)
0 0 Dear Mr. PM Narendra Modi Ji 1. Review all Gov / Gov undertaking organization for what actual work they are doing? 2. Put a solid appraisal system in place. 3.Timeline for executing the project / R&D on time 4. Remove all under perform / Old stone age people from the top post who all just doing noting rather showing the same project in 'Work in progress' mode for decades. 6. Audit the Tax payer money given to all "Gandhi" named institute for Research and R&D and end result. Jai Hind
0 0 Dear Sir ji, This is about controlling black money in real estate sector.
0 0 Respected PM Modiji, I have posted a suggestion (PMOPG/E/2016/0466611) on http://pgportal.gov.in/ on 16 Nov 2016. I am owner of copyright for art work in Japanese calligraphy. I have sent you  design "Lord Ganapati" image using exactly 21 Japanese alphabets including a kanji i.e. picture script. Requesting you to use it as a logo for any joint venture between India and Japan as you think fit. Thanks, Udayan Belsare, Pune.
0 0 Respected sir, Human development in our country was very worst.Today onwards our contry have lot of slave workers. No esi,PF .when will change this situations ? Our national have high level human resources .we want to use this properly We took actions against worst human resources development just like black money issue. We want a mission ,schemes,in human development. Our Nation got 130 th rank in human development index in last year Please note it Thank you
0 0 The decision to demonetize Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes by the prime minister represents a strategic and tactical step towards nation building of a visionary and bold statesman.
0 0 Respected Modi Sahib, many congrats on historic & bold step on scraping of higher currency. For quicker implemented & to avoid harassment to general public, Isuggest thst for safe, secure & quicker transportation of cash from chests to banks, services of army should be roped in to banks as it is seen that cash crunch in banks & ATMs is the biggest bottle neck in smooth implementation of scheme. It is seen that non availability of proper logistic, bank staff avoid transportation of cash.
0 0 Please increase money circulation before taking toll - economic activity slowly comming down in all sector, as i am normal citizen  on the street watching - i am supporting you action on black money-u use airforce-army-use  creative method to immediately increase money circulation - economy can go down within  6 moths if it continuous but recovering will take one and a half year-allow some type of account holder like  senior citizen orladies over 60 or 70 years age-students etc can withdrawmoney
0 0 sir, i urge u to give information about what is uniform civil code and ban of tripple talak as many ppl are unaware about this and signs against uniform civil code and tripple talak. there are many girls who are not much aware about this &  had signed against this . please aware all people about this topic.
0 0 #ThirdWorldWar http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/09/world-war-iii.html
0 0 respected sir, please u encourage ppl to take over orphanage home to make as army school.so that those children will get a better future and it is also helpful to our country also. also please aware the ppl about the funding for indian defence. many ppl are there who wants to donate for indian defence but could not because of fake msgs on social sites. please urge this on next man ki baat.
0 0 Sir, kindly talk to pacify the atmosphere rife with rumours of various steps being planned by the govt post 30th December,2016,most of which aimed at provoking common people against so called "economic dictatorial policies". People are also anxious over escalating situation between India-Pakistan. Is their anyway out for tranquil borders?
0 0 Resp.Sir, 1.Need an appeal from your side to care for traffic rules, to minimize the accidents. in the School for children Big change is Required, Books are heavy to carry for child, there should be half the books required by taking two period/ lecture for same subject. means currently if there are 7/8 subjects daily than after it will be 3/4 only. thanks a lot
0 0 Dear sir, Please set a limit over cash sale through cash. Many companies re invoice their cash sale & generate black money. Suppose they sell their goods @10% discount to actual customer. They re invoice their bill with @50% discount & keep 40% as black money. Real customer did not get full benefit of discount but companies generate black money. Please discuss it with accounting experts and take a look on that.
0 0 #MannKiBaat sir,please say about benefits of being cashless economy. Rural population should be motivated to move towards use of cards or mobiles for their daily cash needs
0 0 Sir, Congratulations for being decisive in India's fight against corruption. Except 1% people holding black money,99% common men feeling fortunate to eye witness India getting transformed to corruption free state. Sir,when did you completely decided to implement Demonetisation, Please let us know in this edition of #MannKiBaat Thanks
0 0 #RNAisSoul http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/06/life-process.html Share this with my fellow Indians and make Humanism a reality on Earth. http://www.vasanth.co.in/2015/05/let-my-rna-serve-world_6.html
0 0 8.	PM Modi African Country like Somalia and Africa are becoming Cashless,
0 0 6.	PM Modi World wide handling cash leads to anywhere between 3% to 10% of world wide GDP, enough  to educate the whole world,
0 0 1.	PM Modi Should Say ……Pakistan is Racist by Definition (It’s a non-secular country), its Magna Carta says that it is non-secular, we are not concerned what it is but if it compares with India it should understand it is Racist country by definition, second it is not a stable democracy yet, see how the speculation is made when its army chief Raheel Sharif is retiring, It has a rogue army a rogue Intelligence agency so it cannot be compared to India
0 0 11.	In Cash currency vs Digital currency Muslim will favour Digital currency as it helps economy to move towards lesser interest rate regime and the muslim wants zero interest rate currency…………so for Muslims Cash currency is a haram money and Cashless is Halal
1 0 PM Modi should tell Supreme Court in 5 years we will have 3D Printer revolution and we will be printing notes in our home………so the digital currency is the only way forward. PM modi should say as the Cash handling expenses lessens the ban will lower the Interest rates…….the lesser the Interest rates ………..Muslims are also supporting him as they wants zero interest rate currency………..which can only be achieved by 100% digital currency………more the more the digital currency lesser the handling
1 0 As per me after food shelter and electricity the basic need for the growth of every one is education and health-care.So there should be same type of school and hospitals for all.There should be one type of school and hospital i.e. public. In general the thinking of every citizen is good hospital means go to private hospital and education means go to private school.
1 0 Sir...Three days back i posted the message related to same subject only.The school fees and donations are increasing like anything,as per me there should be same type of school for every citizen of India,we society are making the differences rich people are going to private school and people below poverty line are going to government school and hence private schools are making money.If education standard will be same for all then every one will be well qualified.
0 0 Sir, I support your efforts to eradicate the social evils of our society ie Black money and corruption.Demonetization is a strong decision but the present hardship and inconvenience facing my our ordinary citizen and our farmers also need to be addressed.Mean time the effort taken by your Government to bring back the black money parked in Swiss banks and also the reason for not disclosing their list need to be made known to the public to clear their apprehensions.
0 0 Ppl r expecting Gud medical and education service.Bcoz Children r our country s future. Helthy ppl r indias today. 2. Erlier in hindi movies "NETAS" r always corrupted. Now ppl will think to start producing movie as gud NETA 3. Now ppl hav hope k fight aganst corruption is start. der will be sm result. In India log asha k bharoshe hi jite hain. 4. Digitalisation have reduce corruption, provided fast and timely service. 5. This century is of timely n fast service in govt n private both.
0 0 dear  respectable PRIME MINISTER ji, we are always pray for your success towards your  brave and great march to achieve  the goal of clean and strong india, as a woman entrepreneur ,SME of india you can  engage us more and more to implement your thought process , schemes in puplic as we can easily  move and spread your policies to the common people ,just as an example   PASSPORT issuance given to private parties. still we can gather support to you from public and fight for your goal.
0 0 Modi Ji,  Namaste. 1. Introduction of 200% penalty is one way of getting out of the black money, which is currently there... 2. Instead of that why don't you think of levying a nominal tax and ask them to keep the tax suffered money in a Govt investment scheme with lock-in period of 10 years with no interest bearing. This may unearth more amount of money from shadow economy. 3. Here the primary interest is " Unearth Black money" instead of getting tax revenue.
1 0 We are waiting to hear you!villagers are suffering more because they live on "Bhaichara". please tell our villagers to become smart now, please tell them to know everything from internet or Gov. site. Don't be dependent on anyone.rich people from village misuses poor people,they do bluff with poor.Most of rich and black money holders are doing business in small District. These types of business man have never used card swipe machine in their store and also their customers haven't asked for it.
0 0 sir we would like to address the issue of health in our country,to strengthen PHCs and awareness among population on having access to them....to make attendance in teaching hospitals more strict both from professors and students side...which imparts quality medical education to future generations and bring hope in them rather than deteriorating as it is now happening in state run medical colleges especially..thanking you
0 0 Respected PM Sir, All opposition parties shows your note banned decision attached with black money to Switzerland, but You can speak them in your reply that this decision is taken against that black money which is presents in fake currency for terrorism, for Naxalism which are eating India from its internal side.
0 0 Sir , Request you to announce that all shops (including kiranas) with a floor space of more than 10 X 10 feet should have card payment facility. Small shops need not be taxed, but should be taxed on profit based on income. Even though we are interested in your digital india push (which is good for our country), but are not having the facility to aid it. One suggestion would be to issue card payment machine for savings account holders too at minimal cost. With good intent. Thanks.
0 0 It is with great concern that we are writing to you to draw your attention to serious cases of academic plagiarism that involves our own research work. Several faculty members in India are involved in unethical and immoral activities and they are publishing academic papers/books based on our PhD research, books, Journal articles   without proper acknowledgement and claiming them to be their own original work, which are not true. This is where we are requesting you to take action.
0 0 Respected Honable Prime Minister ji, some of wrong family and females filled fake cases against her husband and husband family for demanded she lives separately with husband & if husband not fulfill demand of wife to live separate with her because his also responsibility with his old aged parents, she easily filled fake cases, please take necessary action for mental tourcher by this easily misuse of law. I am well educated person but not criminal background, why law easily allow her petition.
0 0 On ground level many store and grocery shops are still not accepting cards, please address them to help out nation grow just by helping their customers by swiping cards on any purchase amount.first time in India, Middle class aur Garib Insan apne apko kuch karne ke kabil samaz raha h.One more thing Sir,Petro pumps are not giving any change even we fill petrol of 300-350 and gave 500 to them. I am from Pune, no doubt many petrol Pumps here taking cards but cash they get is used for their owneners
0 0 if we donate our one kid pvt school fees to our govt school for only one year we can get wonderful education from govt schools.your one year pvt school will helps to govt schools for future better education for all students
0 0 our poor indians not interested to send their kids to govt schools. government school teachers having higher qualifications and they have qualified in govt examinations. the private schools having 10th/inter failed teachers. All the parents knows that.even they send their kids to private schools.because of status feeling. if govt announce only govt school children's are qualified for govt jobs,,automatically the status feeling will change.
0 0 SIR, I  would like to bring an idea about enrich the knowledge about information technology.SIR,most of the Govt and Private sectors are upgrading their computers.The existing computers if planned and distributed to rural areas  so that they will get knowledge  which will be very useful  for the common man who is in rural areas.If volunteer group is created for teach and for maintenance .I hope that because of that recycling we can trace the existing system. Thank you sir
0 0 Demonetization is a very big step towards black money. Many people didn't understand whats happening. Common people faced trouble during changing old currency. Many uneducated are forced to thing bad about government now. So, please teach everyone whats happening in MANN KI BAAT which is scheduled on 27th Nov 16.
0 0 Dear respected prime minister ji.  You have done a great job by banning 500 and 1000 rupee notes.  We know your every decision is in the interest of the nation.  I have a very small suggestion.  Now a days every citizen when want to take a loan his CIBIL credit is checked by the banks.  All defaults in credit card pymt, telephone bill pymt, loan pymt is reflected in CIBIL.  Then why not a default in tax payment is reflected in CIBIL.  If it goes to CIBIL banks will be aware of it.
1 0 SUGGESTION BLACK MONEY & CORPORATION
0 0 gud noon sir..we proud of u ..steps u took about our coutry's prosperity are really appreciable,,,demonetisation is also a gud step but so many families specially middle class people and people whose survival on low wage suffered alot...even some are attempting suicide just bcoz they unable to get money from bank after waiting so much...do something for tem.. ad also for our soldiers safety ,,,give them a fullproof safety ,,,we are loosing our real  heroes ...hope so sir u will definitly look a
3 0 Dear Sir, Lot of money is coming into system now. Please give 1st and top most priority to get bulletproof jackets for our soldiers. Almost every week we are loosing our brave soldiers on border - we just can not afford to loose more soldiers now. Sir, please arrange to bring bulletproof jackets for our soldiers sir. Thank you for your continued care and 24 x 7 hardest work for the nation. I have much much respects for Sardar, Shastriji & Atalji. Now you too - Sir. Jai Hind
1 0 Sir I would like to bring forth an idea to promote Swadeshi - Make in India - which is a great initiative for sustainable development of India and us. First goal is, we need big market for swadeshi products. India itself is a big market. If we can synergise make in India efforts with our inherent patriotism and local demand we will achieve the goal. My Idea is to ensure consumer awareness about what product is Made in India, by putting a simple tricolor hologram on the product. It will work!
1 0 SACRIFISING their wishes and break promises made to child. e.g. “This Diwali ( Eid or x’mas or birthday) I will buy you a new bicycle “.  Parents are helpless cannot keep promise. Around 20 to 30% have some thing to save after full filling their own NEEDS.  So about 80% people don’t have so many 500 and 1000 notes to exchange.  10 to 15% have which they can manage. Now problem is of less than 5% people who have so much that they keep such notes in their house or shop etc. Thanks to all MPs
0 0 respected sir,i think u should   tell  the people of the country how this demonitization step taken by your government will help the country in a better way  in coming future,at maan ki baat ,thank u
0 1 Police should not be stationed in a certain place they always move around the public places, all the populated public places should be under CCTV surveillance. There should be a big call centre to assist common people so that they can get assistance from a police person within 5 minutes and if any antisocial incident is happened then the concerned police person of that area will be held responsible. People to be connected with police call centre thru an aadhar linked app, they can complain onlin
0 0 #blackMoney #demonetization #innovation #idea #RealEstateBlackMoney Hi sir, please provide me five minutes in busy schedule of any of you collegues to listen to my idea on black money eradication in real estate. I tried to contact over various platforms like interact with PM, public grievance, write to PM etc .... This can really bring a change. Trust me and just give five mins secured time.. I don't want any recognition for this step. #trueCitizen
0 0 We, the students of College of Engineering Pune (COEP), have recently completed M.Tech in Project management. Though we have very good career opportunities abroad, but rather than using our talent and skills for growth of other countries, we would like to serve our nation. GoI has already invested money for our education, so we would like to pay back those efforts by working for GoI. We will be grateful if you could offer suitable work opportunity to use our talent and knowledge for the same.
0 0 Respected P.M, You have done a great job (Note Ban Issue) after Independence Day. Now this time govt should raid (sales tax & Income tax deptt) each & every sector and find out the black money. And also follow up each & every bank transaction of account holder after 8th Nov ’2016.The govt should create a special group who provide information (Against Corruption) directly to honourable P.M in regular basis. Regards Champak Das
1 0 Shri Narendra Modi Je, I would like to thank you for making a so much strong step towards the black money. "I" as a youth personally believe that, it is very good step for our future purpose. In my opinion after flowing of money easily you should stop Big size note (500 & 2000), else it will again start the same thing by which we were suffering till date. you can start some small denomination(150, 200) so that the locking of big currency should not be done again.
0 0 THANKS  500 & 1000. Not a problem to common people Thanks to all those who contributed to note changing MISSION. Thanks to all bank employees for their hard work in this process. Thanks to people involved in Note printing and transporting. Cash problem is for those who  have a excess cash. Most of the people have total expenditure  less than their income.  Around 30% in my city. About 35 to 40% people can manage their expenditure by SACRIFISING their wishes and break promises made to child.
0 0 Hi Sir, I have a idea how we can eradicate black money generation from real estate completely with few simple steps. Its very innovative through software help. Kindly give me a chance to explain that. Surely Benami property related changes in law which is being planned or demonetization move are not sufficient as this idea. I agree its best effort. Please give me a chance to explain this idea to build my nation against black money.
0 0 Bundh, Hartal, strike, go slow, pen down, mass casual leave, etc are anti national activities. Before independence it was OK and necessary but not after independence. It should be stopped immediately for national interest. - Jai Hind
0 0 Dear PM Sir The recent demonetization of Rs.500 and 1000 currency notes to curb the black money, funding to terrorists and to flush out the counterfeit currency from the financial system has resulted in increase of bank deposits enormously and thus accrued more than one lac crore to RBI in the form of SLR and CRR. I am of the opinion that part of this amount should be utilised for construction of modern school buildings in villages with population of 2000 and more thru budgetary provisions.
0 0 Participatory note to participate in Indian Stock Market, introduced by previous Govt is still continued! Surprising why not announced on 8th Nov'2016 at 8 PM announcement to discontinue the practice? - Jai Hind.
0 0 sir, many use card for payment,its convenient, safe if not misuse or litigation,our society worry is online/data theft security or card misuse, banking experts fully aware of such theft ideas.bank issue debit/credit card that can be used through out world as per balance,for safety & promoting general use of card,encourage local limited area access prepaid card, bank can issue with top up,or permit other state use,also swapping machine can add other security thump/photo/otp issue is connectivity
0 0 how to increase cash less transaction on 70:30 basis making it mandatory for counters to take at least 70% by debit/credit/prepaid cards at selected destinations.
0 0 Respected sir, I have an idea related to shopkeepers and small business. First of all (in financial year) open bank account on bases of farms. This account name "Transaction account" .Provide the card swipe machine on bases of this account. Every customer have bank debit or credit card to pay money. Assume that one shopkeeper per sale is around Rs.30,000. For a complete year 365*30,000= Approximate 2 crores. till this annual transaction tax free. After that 2-5% tax on bases of sale.
0 0 STRICT PUNISHMENTS FOR BLACK-MARKETEERS,FOOD-MEDICINES-MILK ADULTERATION,PRINTING-HANDLING & COLOUR XEROXING & TRANSPORTATION OF FAKE CURRENCY -RAILWAY TICKETS.FILM INDUSTRY- COACHING CLASSES ARE MAJOR SOURCE OF BLACK-MONEY.CORRUPT PEOPLE BE PUNISHED AS PER SHARIA.
0 0 Namaskar and congratulations.We are with you in this war. Plz use the youth of India for a fair and cashless economy.Engage them to educate common people,small venders,shopkeepers about the benefits of cashless economy.This youth should be given a handsome renumaration so that they can do their job with pleasure.
0 0 Malls For Poor Respected Sir, I have a reqt to impement a scheme whereby not a single person in our country shld go empty stomach. My view is there r 570 malls in our India with avg visitors  amounting to 20k to 40k /day. Suppose if we put a drop box at the malls entry level asking visitors to drop just Rs.1 to it daily we can collect more than Rs208cr p/a (570*10000*1*365) Can't this amt b used by govt. to help remove  poverty.? 2'dys Indian vl support. Empty stomach a sin.
1 0 Your all steps will only succed when you will reform telephone directory of all govt institutions. Common man dont know where to report balck money or property holders. So pls announce numbers on news channels.you stop all govt doctor from private practice to break nexus between doctor and private clinic.ultrasound Machine is not available in govt hospitals on tehsil level. Clinic charge 500 -1000 for sonography and give 100 for each test. Govt doctor write this test almost to all now a days.
0 0 Whenever opposition not allowing to run LS & RS, instead of adjourning LS/RS, the opposition MP should answer questions asked by public/voters through social medias, internet & from public gallery of the parliament. Such provision will justify to public, voters and opposition MP too. In state assemblies of India also such new provision Govt should create for national interest. In absence of such provision, it is national loss. - Jai Hind.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please make India "Beggar free country".Almost 90% beggar in India are just begging for easy money and spend money heavily on smoking and drinking. In reality they have pleanty of money and begg just for easy method of earning.this will lead to increase in employment for 'Make in India.' The best way to understand this beggar industry in bollywood movie 'Traffic Signal'
0 0 Respected PM: Appreciating your effort for demonetization.Please would you ensure that sufficient exchange amount is transferred to all banks. Requesting you to increase the withdrawal limit. Ensure each and every bank branch has police to control the people , so they stand in order and collect the money or deposit the same. This saves time of bank officials and people as well.
0 0 IF POLITICIANS ARE NOT INTERESTED IN RUNNING PARLIAMENT- PUT MILITARY IN BOTH HOUSES TO MAKE THEM DISCIPLINED.
0 0 Demonetization put common man into difficulty- because Central-State Bureaucrats are not connected with grass root-make it mandatory for bureaucrats to meet common people  one in 3 months-this will give them idea of difficulties-unlawful games played at lower level & mindset of Indian public
0 0 sir, banning of Rs. 500/- and Rs. 1000/-. ATM dispatching only 2000 notes, some ATMS are not working, every one facing change problem, Sir, in the context of Swachch Bharat, I want to request you to see the basic problem of the common citizen who face in daily life.
1 0 Dear Prime Minister, Fixed doctor fees, Mention registration no on doctor’s prescription, fixed lab test rate. Fixed  medicine rate, specially chronic disease(like cancer, diabetes & heart disease etc )Modify Traffic rule and avoid accident, Maintenance of Heritage & Historical places, Maintain good & effective law and order for all, Fast Judgement in every case,Do not consider the rapists, Stop corruption in every Department, Only educate leader can get election ticket.
0 0 The Nation will be ready to listen in on topics relating to - Demonitisation - next steps, how it is in control etc Fiscal policies and strategy - short term for 3 months, long term Foreign policy - specifically with US in the post elections scenario GST - is it going to be more simple and really make things easier for the biz community in reality?
1 0 Dear PM, I am an IT Employee, Pune Maharashtra.How can we take this opportunity of demonetization and convert it into mass moment towards digital currency?We take one MNC/panchayat at a time, declare,that it will try to become completely digital in say next 2 months.Invite volunteers like me to educate each and everyone in that constituency to use mobile wallet or cards or net banking.We IT people can volunteer on weekends(holiday) to educate everyone and help that region go digital completely.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, It is great to see your efforts in curbing Black money and series of steps that have been implemented since 2014 with JAM.It is our request to take adequate measures to make available cash in Rural areas and for the farming community. The cleansing operations shall be implemented with requisite back up steps so as to avoid  opposition parties hue and cry. We also request you to ensure that the Parliament session is run smoothly as lot of resources and money is being wasted.
0 0 Respected Sir, I respect your government's intentions behind demonetization. BUT the poor (maids, labours) who do not have a bank account are being looted by middlemen, who are taking 10% commission for exchange.A partial role back by legalising Rs. 500 notes for some time can help the poor. this will decrease the psychological fear among people also.
0 0 Dear Sir, Praise to your surgical strike on black money but truth is that there are differing views on this move. While the wise understand the hidden motives the others are sceptical about the move. It is my humble request to you to address the farmers and small vendors and others commons about the benefits of the move. I request you to assure them that this move will ultimately benefit them and punish the corrupt.
0 0 On your appeal, millions of people surrendered LPG subsidy. Can you appeal to government employees especially related to revenue departments to stop corrupt practices. Because they are the main source of Black money in this country. They not only generate Black money for themselves but also create defaulters like Vijay Malliya and you get the blame for that. If appeal does not work ( which is likely to happen) deal firmly to stop this. Country will become clean once it is done.
0 0 our Government would start a exclusive T.V Channel for Army since our people are not aware of All forces and their achievements and their important to our Nation which would really encourage the younger generation to be in right path for our nations  ( Like ttd channel in south india which promotes its services to this world )
0 0 Dear Mr. Modi, while demonetisation was a great leap toward countering black money and terrorism, one of the most important step is to promote e-banking or cash less transaction among all citizens, so that a day will come where our country is Note-Free. To console the poor and middle class who believe only in currency transaction, government has to take immediate step in educating the mass on using e-cash. UPI introduced in most of the banks should get more features and user friendly.
0 0 Hon'ble PM Demobilization a bold step. Congrats. Pl. clean political system to remove corruption.It is ironic that political parties don't agree to declare their sources of income. RBI and banks to provide cash to needy, especially rural. Can Judiciary be requested to work one hour extra per day and forego summer and winter vacations atleast for one year to clear long backlog? Stop salary and promotions to officers not submitting their periodic property statements. Kind regards
0 0 Respected Sir, First, I congratulate you for your brave decision for banning of Rs. 500/- and Rs. 1000/-. There is no problem in accepting the decision. Sir, in the context of Swachch Bharat, I want to  request you  to see the basic problem of the common citizen who face in daily life. It is necessary to ban  smoking in public places including office premises. We are facing a lots of problem while going to market or office and also facing a  problem in the office. Thanks a lot .
0 0 Judiciary: There must be time limit from FIR to first judgement: Criminal : 2 years, Civil: 3 years, Related to soil : 5 years. FIR must be online, no need to go to police station for getting it registered.
0 0 Hon. modi saheb.. That's our country is best decision for demonstration for currency and I request for future for government Education higher for than private education.. So compulsory government employer son's education for government highschool and that's student no pvt teaching is law rules established of ur gov.
0 0 Hon. modi saheb.. That's our country is best decision for demonstration for currency and I request for future for government Education higher for than private education.. So compulsory government employer son's education for government highschool and that's student no pvt teaching is law rules established of ur gov.
0 0 Dear Sir, To eradicate black money, if we can create a currency note, which if does not come in contact with sun rays for long, starts smelling foul. So no one would store it and money would always be in circulation.
0 0 Around 20 to 30% have some thing to save after full filling their own NEEDS.  So about 80% people don’t have so many 500 and 1000 notes to exchange.  10 to 15% have which they can manage. Now problem is of less than 5% people who have so much that they keep such notes in their house or shop etc. Thanks to all MPs for putting the problem of cash and queue ( in front of bank) , in the respected PARLIAMENT with such a intensity.  THANKS a lot for care towards your VOTERS.  But I would suggest
0 0 Sir private coaching institute for the preparation of competitive exam take large amount of fees Which is not possible for middle class family to afford.So my suggestion is that government start a video tutorial at negligible price or for free which is beneficiary for poor child or for those who were live in remote area due to help of this children reorient there life
0 0 Judicary: 3. Legal: amend the witness procedures, remove the aim of judiciary ; we can let 1000 guilty persons but no innocent should be punished, instead it should be no guilty person should go unpunished, there should be fear of law in the intending guilty person, every one  should have a feeling that he will definitely face consequences if he does something wrong, every judge and lawyer must be answerable for every delay or cancellation of hearing dates
0 0 THANKS  500 & 1000. Not a problem to common people Thanks to all those who contributed to note changing MISSION. Thanks to all bank employees for their hard work in this process. Thanks to people involved in Note printing and transporting. Cash problem is for those who  have a excess cash. Most of the people have total expenditure  less than their income.  Around 30% in my city. About 35 to 40% people can manage their expenditure by SACRIFISING their wishes and break promises made to child.
1 0 Sir,u started great campaign to fight black money,but you made a mistake by not announcing toll free number to report about black money holders. I tried around many numbers of finance ministry, rbi but no one responded well.they simply said that we are not the right platform. Then how a comman man will report about landlords,black money holders. I gurrantee, you personally announce mobile numbers state wise income tax office to report about people having properties.u will see great result.
0 0 Hon. Modiji, In this problem of Old currency notes please allow animal farmers to sell the Indigenous Cow even by accepting the old currency to the extent of Rs 40000 per animal with the maximum limit of Rs 1,00,000/-. It will help animal farmers and even if a black money holder tries to take the advantage it will go to poor farmers only. The farmer should be allowed to purchase seed , fertilizer, pesticides etc, repay of bank loans and depositing the money so received in his own  account.
0 0 Dear PM, Our judicial system needs complete overhaul.Justice delayed is justice denied. We should approach this problem in the following ways: 1.Infractural (more judges, more lawyers, more courts 2. Administrative: Courts will never remain closed (2 shifts 265 days in an year- individual judge lawyer clerk can take weekly one day off, 30 days in an year - not 3 -4 months in an year, use school buildings after the school hour for court purpose, give witness on line to the maximum possible ext
0 0 Dear & Hon'ble PM Sir, further to my last message, as space not enough to write...I have been writing to you since you took up office and as I strongly believe You Are The Chosen One to change India and the World to Spirituality etc.If you are not supporting to this project pls give a word so that I could forget. If supporting pls approve this High Power Steering Committee to showcase a 36 feet high Giant Model in 2017 Republic Day Parade to get the attention and support from around the globe.
0 0 All big stock industry and footpath smallest hawkers will get crowdfunding applying by our new opening of world micro stock exchange potential (listing/public issue ) will get in advanced detail of demand supply marketing and customers by our big data entry of e-wallet cash registration every nation security exchange board & commerce chambers have to merge/equity and brokerage partnership will their value increase of Big Stock  by their product buying and services hire by our application users
0 0 I think common public could not understan the benifits of demonitisation also pl speak on why it was essential . secondly too many confusion in tax payers mind so if an open discussion on any tv chaneel clarifying any issue raise by public. ashok m shah
0 0 Dear Sir, # Demonetisation Please Give huge thanks to Bank Employee for doing great job also request you to announce Incentive for doing this great cause.I think yous Should give a appreciation letter which is written by you to the bank employee. One Serious concern is that now bank having cash crunch many of the bank are not able to provide cash to the citizen who is belonging to the ruler area. We are with you as you are the hope of India.
0 0 Our new smart finance secure solution application domain Antique Bank App a pre e-IPO value proposition micro shareholders & stock exchange application will run in every  mobile will free all burden of public will free from poverty will get extra earning by daily product buying and services hire will generate micro finance & insurances MRP profit sharing portfolios as micro shareholder value proposition start trading/investing group wise by our largest crowd funding  link of World Micro Stock Ex
0 0 I have invented "TEJJ Cycle" which is patent pending in India (application number 2104/2012/MUM). Its initial prototype is READY which has proved technical viability of the concept. It gives following advantages over existing system of CIRCULAR PADDLE MOVEMENT driving. 1. UNINTERRUPTED TORQUE is available. 2. BOTH LEGS CAN BE USED TOGETHER FOR DRIVING when ever required. 3. NO STRESS ABOVE WAIST even when exerting force more than body weight. 4. DIVYANG CAN USE THEIR ABLE LEG FOR DRIVING.
0 0 I would suggest to bring out a Rs 200 note also. This would reduce usage of Rs 500 note.
0 0 Namaste Modi Kaka ! It is our pleasure and good luck that we have a Prashanth Sevak like you who is dedicated to the nation and love humanity. Sir, your hard work and dedication has motivated me not to avail any tax benefit as what ever I earn is more than sufficient to live a decent life. We get good coupons worth 31000, 1.5 lakh for fuel and maintenance where we can save tax after producing bills.kindly remove these benefits and make our tax structure simple. Only income tax .
0 0 How can Modi Government or reserve bank will free from all burden cash crime, corruption and all tax/revenue recovery we innovate our Antique Bank App e-wallet smart & secure cash data of every unaccounted unreading barcoded fake/disputed ATM/theft black cash currency will block in our big data live cash data link of cyber custody and that all cash will nobody victims bad guy of(Hawala)other country terrorists will never enable to access/issue or accept whole cash deal in the other hand
0 0 The common people have suffered in long queues at banks. Although they feel; your move is right; they are being mislead by opposition parties. If you explain the effect of demonetization of Rs.500/1000 notes on actual culprits holding the black money, people will understand the importance of their participation. common man is still not clear how further generation of black money will get arrested. Please explain.
0 0 Dear Sir, To spread awareness and moral boost to the rural people about online banking,we can motivate/mobilize the Commerce, MBA and Economics students to take part in a workshop where they can go and explain to the villagers and other enthusiasts as to how can they utilize the mobile banking and its benefits. Every college should conduct a campaign in the surrounding villages with a group of 1-15 students and spread awareness about the mobile banking and online benefits. regards sathya
0 0 To counter rigged election, my idea is to link aadhar with voter list. machine will open only after aadhar identification. machine can be kept in fewer secured locations involving fewer polling officials. this will cut expenditure. online facilities for voting should be available for police and army who wants to vote online, their name should be removed from voter list so no duplicate voting
1 0 Dear Sir, I request you to just go through the following 2 suggestions mentioned in the attached pdf as they are for our farmers and people residing in Rural India. Thanking you,
0 0 Sir I would like to drive ur attention towards one more imp prob.Thats our economy and extensive use of forest land!we havaround 97991km of highway in country.thatequal to around 97991000m in length implies we hav  same length of dividers too If try to plant even one  midium sized plantat every 5 2 10m of divider We can achieve a great feat.Thats we surely reduce pollution n increase vegitaion.That's just national highway.Statehighway can also be used.This will utilize the div.space is fruitful.
0 0 Dear Sir, I enclosed the letter regarding Seats For single Girl Children IN Kendriya Vidyalaya Schools and I requesting for Seats for Two Girls Children Quota. With Regards. S. Vedapurieswaran
0 0 Dear Sir, All have studied the demonetization concept though no one have implemented. First of all thanks for taking such a Lion heat Decision. The other scenario is where PMO/RBI is day by day taking tough decisions after knowing the conversion Technic of corrupt people Though how the money issued by the RBI reaching to these kind of people. Their might be some corrupt or Pressurized Bankers who are supplying such cash. Please tighten the screw on them. Take Care Sir...
1 0 Respected sir, First of all Thanks for taking the boldest step against black money and corruption we really appreciate your work for nation, I have suggestion, 3 types of areas in India Urban,Semi Urban, and Rural, most of people in Urban and Semi Urban areas are aware and using internet and smartphones, but in rural areas people don't have an idea about plastic money and mobile wallets they don't know how to use that things so i think we should educate them about all this digital stuff.
1 0 Hello sir, Due to demonetisation, everyone lacks CASH in hands. Those who know Internet banking or use debit or credit cards are the one who have less trouble due to this situation. But what about poor people who doesn't know these online things....they are suffering a lot. My suggestion is to set up free training courses in every area to the people on the topic "how to use net banking, debit cards, credit cards, or paytm." for this, youths can help. THANKS
1 0 I really appreciate the note ban steps of our prime minister. But final aim of our country should be to become a cashless economy. This is not possible in one day. I have some suggestion regarding this. Please see the modified attached pdf where I added some more point. Previously I also uploaded a pdf file. If Govt is able to implement these suggestions properly, India will be cashless economy (at least 80%) within a decade.
0 0 Dear Sir, Can there be a possibility where there is one portal developed by the Government initially for the Private Hospitals in Cities and later on for the Practitioners where such Hospitals will make an entry of their day to day patients and treatments and the payments received in cash by them should be limited. This is just a thought can be improved. Thanks for reading me Sir I am with you to awake the Nation form a Sleep. I am with you to try for the Solutions and not Problems.
0 0 Good Morning Sir, Attaching points for upcoming Mann Ki Baat. Regards Gayadhar Sethy
1 0 Hi sir, My suggestion/Complaint : 1. my IDBI Bank ATM doesn't have sufficient cash. and if I withdraw from other bank or even fill Petrol from petrol pump, bank deducts 11.52 rupees per transaction. But you have already announced that upto 31st December there would be no deduction charges for usage of other bank atm. 2. Tell the nation that Rs. 10 coins are not banned because people are not accepting these .
0 0 Honourable shri Narendra Modi P.M. of India, Hearty congratulations for taking courageous step of demonetization of 500 & 1000 notes. I strongly support your action. After demonization i would like to do transaction with plastic card (Debit Card / Credit Card) or Net Banking, but we need security for that. Also look interest rate on Credit Card it is very high so common man not affordable credit card. Thanks Satish Kale
1 0 Namaste PM Sir. Yesterday I wrote you to build The Next Wonder of The World using black money recovered. This project estimated Rs.4000 crores and will help prevent war, hatred, conflicts, poverty, climate change etc by Realizing We All Are One in this Universe.After presented in last Parliament of World's Religions, now a High Power Steering Committee formed in which Acharya Dr Lokesh Muniji is a key member. Pls support us now to help Unite Humanity through this project which also boost tourism
0 0 Dear PM, About higher form's fee of Govt. Institutions. I wanna ask, Why many govt institutions like NIELIT and BSNL charge Rs-1000-1500 for their vacancies forms. even they have few vacancies but forms are costly. IITs forms GATE and CEED have fee Rs-1500 and Rs-2200 respectively. Please look for it once. Thank You.
0 0 IF ANY GOVERNMENT OFFICERS....BUREAUCRAT... COMMISSIONER.... INCOME TAX OFFICERS....COUSTOM OFFICERS....EXCISE OFFICERS..etc ANY EMPLOYEES OF INDIAN GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENT HAVING MORE MONEY .... PROPERTY....ASSETS THEN THERE KNOWN SOURCE OF INCOME IN THERES OR THERE NEAR AND DEAR ONES NAMES.....WILL BE PENALIZED .. BEFORE 30 TH DEC . Lastly why goverment beneficiaries(cghs etc) should take permission again from govt. doctors if they want surgery to be done in goverment approved private hospitals
1 0 I respect your demonitisation step.But matter of fact not everyone who has accumulated black money is ready to deposit it with their id.They'd rather burn the stashes of notes.We...I mean your govt can open an account in name of Army.Anyone who has black money can deposit their money into that ARMY ACC without revealing their identity. Sir this way they(black money hoarders who dont wanna reveal their id)can get rid of money and our soldiers would get money for essential gears & ammunation.
2 0 Dear Sir, Firstly, Thanks for starting this idea to stop blackmoney & I am also supporting you & your decision.I have also another idea to stop blackmoney, Corruption, duplicate currency & convert whole india to Digital India.I am sure if my idea will launch then its will work great in India. I am just sharing some hint here coz I cant share whole idea here in words. so i want to meet you then i can describe you whole idea. Thanks #MannKiBaat, #AIR, @#PMOnRadio, #MyGov
0 0 Dear Sir, Some few days ago i just watch movie Shivaji The Boss then i think why we are not start camping like that. who are very upright person we meet them & get information about people who are doing lot of Corruptions. I am sure normal person daily see somebody who doing corruptions in front of their eyes &/or ear i also see daily & i want to share with right person who have authority for doing against Corruption.
0 0 Honourable shri Narendra Modi P.M. of India, Hearty congratulations for taking courageous step of demonetisation of 500 & 1000 notes. I strongly support your action by quoting from the Book “We, the people” by eminent jurist late N. A. Palkhivala in the below attachment. I pray to the GOD for your great success in re-build-up our great country.
2 0 Hi sir, My suggestions are : 1. Please encourage people to use debit cards, credit cards and other e-payment methods by telling the benefits of using these . 2. Tell the nation that Rs. 10 coins are not banned because people are not accepting these .
0 0 Hi Sir, All indian are very happy for new change in India for Currency(500 & 1000). But I am very sad whenever I see a News regarding a common man sucide / death due to their daughter marraige. I am software engineer & working with a NGO for education. I can do work in this regard. I want to stop these type of death of common man. Kindly do appropriate step for stopping these deaths. I am sharing my contact number (9911176108). I can helping out to these people.
0 0 Dear PM Sir , Demonetisation is a masterstroke and it should not be diluted.Lot of pressure is putting on you to roll it back . Even TOI is also  advocating to bring back " Income declaration scheme again so that black money hoarders can get atleast 55% of the black money back .Pl do not compromise. We r with u.pl restrict cash donations to political parties up to Rs 1000 only and bring political parties  under RTI.Real state  and gold should be targeted next.
0 0 Hon.PM Shri Modiji,it is very good decesion taken by you against jali Notes,Correption & Black money. It will help our India to improve economy & also helpful to commen pepole in India. All commen citizions are with you,only those peoples are crying who is having black money & have not get prior information abour the decesion of our Hon.PM Sir.
0 0 Dear PM, Suggestion for Digital India. I would like you to ask all the learned citizen families of India to adopt 1 person who does not use Debit Card and help them understand the benefits of using plastic money.This could be anyone like the house helps. This will create the next wave of Digital India.Even if each family adopts 1 such person we will simultaneously be educating arnd roughly 140 million people.(ass. 1 pers per 4 edu pers)#MannKiBaat #AIR @#PMOnRadio #MyGov
0 0 I want to do one complaint regarding govt. Services as I had no issue till now since old currency has stopped but when PM has announced regarding extension of Rs. 500/- usage at specific govt places but still haryana govt bus conductors aren't accepting these and morover, they always speak in rude behaviour with their passengers, who the hell are they to authorized these as old currency willn't be accepted so kindly take action against them. Haryana depot "sonipat" Bus no. HR-69B; 9954.
0 0 Dear PM, I went to kapashera marriage court i found that people are fail to fill the registration form for this some people are charging 2000 . Please hire one more job for filling form and charge RS 100 or high . therefore corruption will decrease
0 0 Demonitaisation may be good/bad but here rather than acting on high stature people it's acting adversely on people so i think it wld be good if marriage fund limit is extended to 10Lakh also to maintain separate counters for emergency needs like food, medical, funeral, farmers (sld give 100/50notes), Sr.citizens to be much more effective as it wld become win-win situation
0 0 Dear Sir, Thanks for doing such a grateful work. This should be done every 10th Year to stop the Cash Economy. This was just not the case of Black Economy run by the Politicians,Real estate People. This is the case of Medical Practitioners, Educational institutions, even Rickshaw walas, Warehouse owners, the persons who are hoarding the goods, all gold smiths etc... There are so many persons of kinds. Actually people are being habituated with these kind of activities.
0 0 Create Small Investment Opportunities for Muslims (Who do not deal in any Scheme which takes/gives Interest Amt, as it is against Islam).After a lot of research I got a way for small Investment is through Foreign Currency Trading in Exchange Markets - But in India Physical Currency Trading by small/Individuals is not allowed even via bank system, & Derivative Exchange Trading is again not allowed by Islam, as it is gambling. Therefore Small investments are not possible. Hv more 2 say bt no Space
0 0 Dear PM, People are wasting there time in filling MCD Chalaan. Kindly make this procedure online so that like mobile recharge they pay there fine and save there and Distict Megistrate valuable time
0 0 In urban areas situation is quite well now, here ppl are able to manage through Plastic money, online wallet and through plenty of banks/atms. Only 4% of Indian population is paying Income tax which is quite surprising for me. Government should provide some incentive to tax payers in Government facilities like Hospitals, Utility Bills etc. for rewarding these tax paying ppl and to encourage more people for paying Income tax. Plastic money should be promoted in Rural areas. Regards, Ravi
0 0 It is a fact that many common men are applauding this move even though they bear the hardship. This is because the message is being beamed to them intensely that demonetization was targeted at ferreting out black money and for benefitting the economy. It is also being told that not to support this move is akin to supporting anti-national forces. Neither have they been sensitized to the collateral damage to the economy nor they have been told that this a political move by Modi to destroy politica
0 0 It is now clear that Modi’s rapier sharp demonetization initiative was targeted to trip political parties that had large stacks of cash, especially those which are controlled by strong regional leaders. But while planning this momentous decision Modi had not foreseen the collateral damage: loss of growth and employment and forced contraction of the economy.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Congratulations & a Big salute to you for taking such a courageous decision of Demonetization!! Sir In Rural area condition is bit difficult as no. of banks are very less and economy relies mostly on cash so please instruct banks to focus on rural areas and provide relief through micro atms and other possible means. Government may provide some part of salary/pensions to government employees in cash to ease the situation.
0 0 Our very dear PM, the recent move against corrupts is excellent despite the inconveniences of common people for the time being. In these 17 days lots of unaccounted money has been deposited in Banks. Please start some relief work for the poor farmers, daily wage-earners and small business people - of course after thorough check on their needs. Also Sir, Please be safe - we love you
0 0 Respected PM, Thanks for your kind contribution to the Nation. If all among us feel that India is free from corruption. Please only two more steps. Control Police, all local body like corporations. All corruption start from these two body.
0 0 1) First of all I appreciate for cancelling 500 and 1000 notes to curb to black money. But implementation of 2000 note not useful, it should be banned immediately by introducing 200 and 300 notes. 2) Sri Rama is ruled the country by establishing DHARMA, but in our country, law is very poor, some of the judges are giving false judgements due to who greased their palms and the cases are taking long time ie years together for giving judgement, by that time real person dead.
0 0 We should be thankful to all the peoples all over the India, who are making success this fight against the black money, including Banking staff. (Actually Government had taken a Great Decision, but without public support and their Positive attitude and real action government's any step cant success. (Decision Lena Aasan he Per use Reality me Lana and Nibhana Mushkil he & woh bhi Haste Haste, Jo India ne Kar Dikhaya. {Namumkin ko Mumkin kar Dikhaya} Great India!!! Great Indian!!!
0 0 I Thank you for the boldest step you have taken to eradicate black money by demonetizing Rs 500 & 1000 notes.In spite of your great initiative Most of our smart politicians & Private Educational institutions are converting their black money into white by various means. Most of the educational institutes paying cash to employees. Take list of employees names & family, track their transactions from 9th November to next financial year along with JanDhan accounts.
0 0 Dear sir, With cash rich banks, loans to small and medium business enterprises loans should be available at cheaper rates. Initiate a national account where citizens can donate money for nation building like defence, irrigation schemes like canals and organic farming.
0 0 Sir, people demanding demonetization roll back at this juncture do not understand that it is not possible now. it will lead to chaotic economy, and image fall for India world over. It is in the interest of country and the nation overall that the demonetization process is taken to successful completion with all party cooperation and the opposition should give suggestions on after-steps to bring economy on clean and smooth track.
0 0 With the onset of `KALKI ERA` on 8th November, 2016 - `Ache Din` for White money! `Akrosh Din for BLACK MONEY`!
0 0 Dear PM sir I am a doctor and I work as a scientist and researcher I would like to appreciate the govt for its major breathtaking steps. I would request you to please also look into the Indian healthcare. Healthy mind resides in healthy body. Our healthcare policies are not evidence based . Systematic reviews and the evidence based approaches are not always followed which leads to lack of transparency and certainty. If we allow major govt institutes to have a EBM centre and help in policy
0 0 I would suggest the government to levy apart from income tax service tax or VAT on  amount of cash deposited more than Rs. 10 Lakh without legitimate source.
0 0 Respected sir, first of all i thanked you for your brave decision regarding black money. I am a student belonging to assam. I want to appear jee main, but most of the student in assam don't have adhaar card including me. We won't be fulfill our dream. So, i request your goverment to change the decision of requiring adhaar card in jee main registration. Thank you.
0 0 Sir,The nation stands with you on eradicating black money by way of Demonetization, but would not checking gold possession be encroachment on ladies saving space?Gold is connected with every celebration in Indian life and more over ladies acquire gold by kitty also. Families start making gold right from birth of first child.You may check crude gold possession as ornamental gold is usually not bought for parking black money. It is not considered good selling ornaments in Indian families.
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, I have few suggestion situation arisising after demonitisation of 500 &1000 and lot of unacounted  money being deposited in jan-dhan a/c etc. *instead of treating such a/c holder as defaulter treat them as nation builder and motivate them to do so. *Now  few step can be taken to help govt. 1.stop gas subsidy for such a/c with deposit of amount>49990/- 2.curb the status of BPL and stop all subsidy base privileges ration etc.
0 0 Respected Mr. Prime minister, I applaud your decision of demonetization. I travel across India and meet lot of people and understand that the foundation of the corruption in our society lies in the slow and tedious process of Judiciary system. "COURT KE CHAKKAR LAGANE PADENGE" (Used mostly by Police)is the line that compels people to find easy ways and JUGAD to get way. The next objective of my government should be Judicial reforms and people should not be afraid of Police or Courts. MANISH
0 0 Dear Prime Ministerji You have encouraged Olympic Games, but there is another Olympic called Math Olympiad. Please encourage teachers, parents and students to prepare and participate in Math Olympiad. India has discovered Mathematics. Smaller countries like Vietnam and South Korea are participating and winning prizes. India should definitely prepare and participate. Thank you
0 0 Dear dadaji,Sri Narendra modi,The crown of India...your stubborn,daring and worthy step to eliminate the antisocial elements of black money insects is very much appreciable and ur desire to make India crown of world is very in near future.I pray God to bless in all aspects. Thank u sir, By, Jaya pradha.yelavarthi 9th grade...sri chaitanya school Sp Nagar Kukatpally Hyd Ph no:9966650520
0 0 I appreciate your courageous step to prevent the corruption. There are some problems also but we are ready to face them. people will have to sacrifice to build thier nation corruption free because nation was built by sacrifice of many freedom fighters. we are standing in line in banks or ATMs and get notes in the exchange of notes. We are not at border for the fire exchange.
0 0 Sir. we are very much inclined towards e.payments. But the taxes and the costs of card swipe machine and it's rent and it's operation tax is high. We request to make it cheaper to afford to a common people like us. We are in milk retailing business.
1 0 Dear PM , I want to discuss about the railway accident that taken place in Kanpur. The caulities that happened in that accident could be eliminated or minimised if there were provisions of safety belts at each seat.In any accident or sudden emergency break ,caulities mostly taken place due to collision , fall of human etc. The safety belt hold the person in his seat intactly & not allow to move during accident . You are requested to implement the same in the railway .
1 0 Respected PM sir, I believe fundamental honesty is the key stone, money missing ,money going ,kaladhan or black money catch in time ,focus  again 1st.time attend hard strong decision ,globally gain indian people. thanking you.
0 0 Dear Sir, 1. Kindly address to ways in which people can access their money deposited in their banks. Usually working hours of people and bank hours are similar. Especially people in rural areas dont have any ATM facility and they go on leave or cant access their money in banks. 2. News ways to go DEMAT of all our assets with the usage of DIGI-LOCKER facility from the central Govt. linked with all the state servers. Which would reduce costing of paper work and also easy access to all asset docs
0 0 rs 200 note may be issue
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I appreciate the initiative you have taken for tackling quite a few outcomes of the cash economy. My request now is to enable the citizens to go Digital, this could only be done if we can provided awareness and training to public. One idea I would suggest is to Display 10 second ads on TV, Govt Offices, Railway Stations, Schools and also deliver training to people on using Digital Money. With the workforce Central / State Govt have, this should be possible.
0 0 Respected Sir,Thanks for the All the Nation Building Initiatives By you. We would like to request to kindly make online charges i.e. banking charges, neft / rtgs charges, transaction charges by debit/credit card, bank charges at pos terminals zero. Also if we can have system of getting discounts/rewards/insensitiv if payment is done online  by any means stated above, will add to the increase in same. This can be in form of Rebate in Tax slab say 1℅ extra discount if paid online by above means.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Many thanks for banning old 500 and 1000 rupee notes. It will help cleansing the system. Another step which will be helpful is to introduce steps to recruit honest and talented people for government jobs. The recruitment system must be very stringent and it should allow only talented people to land on government jobs purely based on merit. We may need to have a very stringent framework for recruitment throughout the country for government jobs. Thanks & Regards Gopi
0 0 security personnel should be encouraged at all vital installations like Supreme court malls and crowded places,let them not relax , they are doing excellent job.
0 0 New black money cannot be curtail unless public will motivate to purchase commodities/services against invoice only.Your speeches are the best source of motivation,no advt can do this thing.You have so many followers, it will become a movement on your single speech. Sales tax/I.T employee will create panic in market. Aware S.Tax implement above 10 lakhs and 0% tax on small vendors.Invoice at every point of sale/service either Tailor,Tea,samosa,fruit,it will increase GDP and reflect in economy
0 0 Dear Sir, your gov cancelled the 500&1000 notes and released the new 500&2000 notes but the cancelled 500&1000 notes collected from entire INDIAN people is that money where goes and what you're thinking that money most issues faced only common people my opinion is most of the people suffered in rented homes so the collected money build a new homes for that persons and use the poor students all state gov's checking in normal vehicals & gov also bcz all back money transport this way
0 0 Demonetisation is my topic. Modi Ji, those who oppose it cite people's hardships as their reason. Even the former PM, himself being a renowned economist, calls it an organised loot and legalised plunder. It was only an expression of language skills and lacks substance. His words suit more to his tenure as PM. He presided over the largest loot and plunder in history. Corruption rose to 14-digit amount in his time. People know that the difficulties are temporary. The queues almost vanished.
0 0 Respected PM sir, I am Agree to Mr. Gautam Pal suggestion. It is very good Idea.
0 0 Sir, with respect,my request to provide us potable water. From November onwards our area suffers from potable water. We are forced to buy illegal water from illegal boring water. Our M. P is Mrs Bijoya Chakravorty. Our local BJP M. L. A Mr Atul Bora. Address Adarshapur-4 and adjoining areas. Kahilipara road. Guwahati. ASSAM. already several letters seeking potable water posted to your good office by Fax, email.  Please send an Nodle officer for early implementation of round the clock water.
0 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, Please include following in coming Maan Ki Baat on 27th: - Demonetization is for eliminating duplicate currency, stopping help to terrorists, Naxalites and other antinational activities. It also helps in stopping corruption as well. - Pls also tell about the other benefits like reduction in loan interests, improvement in infrastructure, improve liquidity of the banks, reduction in prices of daily needs items etc. Pls also tell the strict action against culprits
0 0 Sir,In my opinion, We need to have more new domestic jobs along with GDP growth so that a country where everyone thrives. We must grow as self-sufficient with less dependent on global economy so we can answer volatile global economy and foreign policies. Regards, Rajit
1 0 Respected H'ble PM Saheb, I am in full support of demonetization decision taken by you. Sir, I would know few people who convert their black money in to white with bank managers specially ICICI, HDFC and PNB. This cash crunch for the people because of this only as I know many people who takes new currency of Crores from Bank Mangers after exchange of old notes of 500 and 1000. My request to you that, please instruct CBI or some other agency to analyze the transactions of these banks/ branch
0 1 Sir, with respect, We all know that respected  'Journalists'were known for Literature expert. Can an initiative taken that all students from class 4 to college level go through literature classes. Imagine the situation. Students minds will be changed and guardian and school authourity will no more hear slang language. Girls women will feel more secured as environment will be highly benefited.adding highly focused on skills development. Next generation will get focused in entire Country.
0 1 respected, to prime minister i am a college student.  i am living in vadodara. my college is in gandhinagar.Their is only one train from vadodara to gandhinagar and it is very lqte and we loses our lecture, so please start another train from vadodara to gandhinagar please. I am from middle class family. so i request you to start a local or express train.  not am only many students have probklem
0 1 Continuing... 3. Likewise withdrawal limit to those who are getting married should be increased to a higher amount until 5lacs. 4. People should not have to die in lines just to exchange the currency. Arrangements should be so that they exchange or be able to still use their money by exchanging at local vendors.
0 1 Being a citizen of India. It's my duty to share following suggestion on the recent demonetization issue. 1. For giving immediate relief reduce useless wait times at the banks. Govt should take urgent initiatives that the currency of 2000rs note should be broken down in several smaller denominations. Besides, the govt should also increase the ATM withdrawal limit to 3000-4000rs daily basis. 2. Regular bank Account holders aren't getting benefits because the non account holders are taking up tim
0 0 Dear modi Ji, I am from patna . i am agree with ur denomitization policy.this is first step towards caseless economy.with case less economy curruption along with so many evils of society as bribes, murder will suddenly disappear. Pradhan mantri ji whole country is with ur decision . sir, one essensial step should be taken by govt to stop contactual employment in india . Modi ji in my openian a bussiness man who are saveing tax by unleagle means is not so evil as a currupt officers .
0 0 #Demonitisation Please run 24hours tutorials for cashless payments on DD or etc. Please standardise apps and make inter apps transfer mandatory. #MannKiBaat, #AIR, @#PMOnRadio, #MyGov
0 0 dea sir, with your clarrity of thought for controlling black money & corrution as a long time process starting with Jan Dhan yojna & followed with Self declaration disclosure scheme & now demonetization is well planned & a regulated way to handle this long prevailed menace. I consider your goodself a rebirth of  another Iron Man of India after Sardar Patel. please accept our hearty greetings on behalf of our 125 crores countrymen for your feat to declare demonetization of high value curreny.regd
0 0 Sir, On behalf of Ipsha Samaj Kalyan Kendra ,an N.G.O of Patna ,Bihar,We salute you.You are our role model.The steps which are taken by you for removing poverty and anarchy are praised worthy.Sir we know you have to face great challenges,but you perform your duty .Every citizen wants a clean, transparent system which will be corruption free.Receive our lots of regards.
0 0 Sir, Kindly appreciate bank employees who worked hard(genuine) till late night for exchange of notes.Many people in India are having more than 1 car per family,it causes heavy traffic jam.So, try to control by an Act.
0 0 Hi, Sir Request you to do smooth functioning of consumer cases.. I am from Gurgaon. I thank you for your great leadership.I support you in demonetization policy. I am proud to stand in a long queue. Sir,never-mind other politicians.Its your courageous move and it shows your true patriotism.
0 0 respected Sir, your step towards curbing illegal, black money &corruption etc by demonetization of high value curreny is laudable & bold & very timely. it is only a person of the stature of Narender Modi could take such bold & historic decision. may I as a common man suggest that the Govt may consider introducing currency of Rs.400/- & Rs.200/- in place of Rs.500/- to ease the liquidity in due course after the current artificial crisis created by certain vested intetest people gets over. regds
0 0 Modiji, I am from Tamilnadu. I thank you for your great leadership.I support you in demonetization policy. I am proud to stand in a long queue. Sir,never-mind other politicians.Its your courageous move and it shows your true patriotism. It is the time for India to attain economic independence under your government. People will support you but to understand your leadership they must be educated well. Please don't give up sir. our natural resources should not be exploited please talk about this.
0 0 Sir, Good Morning and have a nice beginning of the day ! Sir, is there any plans to bring the denomination of values of Rs. 30, 40, 60 in future, and one more thing is that the good development that many citizens have realised that corruption, black money,terrorism is not good for our nation...people are coming forward to correct themselves...we have to move step by step to minimize these,so that our dream,of a beautiful country, a brightful India for the future generation is fulfilled soon !
0 0 Subject:- Request to provide adequate bullet proof Jacket to our soldiers and policemen for their protection.
0 0 Dear Sir, Hats-Off to you for demonetization step. Key would be to get as many and as deep as possible penetration of e-payment terminals to merchants along with cards or better still Akrodara model by ICICI should be propagated throughout with some great incentive - as I feel that we Indians love the word 'Free' -  I guess specially after getting a hard fought 'freedom' in 1947. Sir, we are with you in every nook and corner of this globe. - Respects, Arun.
0 0 Dear Sir; I appreciate your move to ban 500 and 1000 Rs note, but same time I did not liked your move to bring 2000 Note. We support your currency ban with all our strength. I have few suggestion if you can look into this, it will help our country to grow faster. 1.Please encourage every citizen to file his / her income tax. 2.Pricing regulatory authority for proper product price. 3.Public distribution card must link with PAN and Adhar make it online.
0 0 Subject:- Request to provide adequate bullet proof Jacket to our soldiers and policemen for their protection.
0 0 Dear Sir; I appreciate your move to ban 500 and 1000 Rs note, but same time I did not liked your move to bring 2000 Note.  We support your currency ban with all our strength. I have few suggestion if you can look into this, it will help our country to grow faster. 1.Please encourage every citizen to file his / her income tax. 2.Pricing regulatory authority for proper product price. 3.Public distribution card must link with PAN and Adhar make it online.
0 0 Goodmorning Pmsir, Bankers say visa & mastercard charges waived on december30th, it'snot correct, the charges debit 1% credit 2% charges way off parmanently, customres not interested to pay the charges at the small retail stores.people can also participate your dream digital india. Thanku sir.
0 0 Further to my previous comment. Service charge will be easily collectible. Common man and all those paying tax will feel they are benefited.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, Common man should be seeing quick benefits of any action by government. Same thing in the case of Demonetization. Those who analyse the actions understand its impact and benefits, but not majority of common man. My suggestion is to give quick benefits which common man can see. Limit all cash transactions to Rs.10,000...and remove all taxation. Make all transaction above 10,000 by card ,digital, or through cheque DD, or through bank and impose a service charge.
1 0 Dear Pm Sir, I Have a a suggestion about currency ban as we have seen that exchange facility are going to close from today and people only will deposit the money in their account, it's really a very good decision but it will be very difficult for foreign tourist who are staying right now in our country, so this exchange facility should be continue for foreign tourist for one week more and banks should service them on most priority besis so they get the new currency with hassle free mind. Thx
0 0 Respected Sir, While demonetization of 1000 & 500 currency notes are well appreciated step and we support it with all our strength. Objectives behind the decision can be visualized and future looks to be more better and transparent. My all Good wishes to your leadership. This changed financial scenario of lower deposit earning ratesis causing much concern to retired persons of certain PSU not covered under pension schemes and hence draws your kind attention to speak about your Govt policy.
1 0 Continuing my earlier message.  Why not the Government provide mobile payment service platform, which is more secure and more people would be willing to use the same. That way a large amount of money residing in the Government hands can also be put to effective use. THIS ALSO REDUCES THE USAGE OF CASH TO A LARGER EXTENT. WHEN THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED BY THE GOVERNMENT MORE PEOPLE WILL USE IT DUE TO FAITH AND SECURITY. KINDLY REQUEST YOU TO GIVE A SERIOUS THOUGHT. THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY. JB
0 0 Firstly the black money increased with the help of corruption so please stop the corruption take them on serious actions not like transfers, 1 month dismisalu removed that people from the according to their corruption. Make the law minimum punishment to corruption is at least 1 year sismiss them without paying salary
0 0 Respected Sir, I'm very much appreciative of your demonetization initiative, which has brought out opportunities for players like paytm - mobile payment service platforms - pushing people to adopt the same to use their own money. I know one of the motive behind your initiative is to bring all money transactions out in the open. So, why not the Government also provide the same facility of mobile payment service platform, which is more secure and more people would be willing to use the same.
0 0 Sir, after banned the 500,1000 so many blackmoney holders are become cashless but some government employees are also there in that list after this they are demanding more money from the people to do any work on government duties .. So please stop corruption make  the laws more punishable that employees ... Once the government employees catched red-handed remove them from the job and give the chance to unemployed people at least they are do the job right way i think it is useful
1 0 Sir A very sad incident has been taken place in Assam. Where Patanjali park is going to start. An elephant died in that and the baby Elephant is still crying and we cnt stop our tears by seeing it. We are human so much pain of loosing a mother we can understand. Sir from deep of our heart (All Assam) people please do something to save the wild animals.
1 0 Farmers-Giving a portal with buying price mentioned (like gold) for farmers to sell their produces with no middle man. And making sure they get the right price for their produce. Instead of making farmers go and sell the portal should come collect the produce. Farmer can register at these portals and mention crop prior so the portal can assess surplus and vice versa making distribution easy. Adds faith in the farmers their effort won't go in vein looking for buyers..
0 0 HONOURABLE SIR, AFTER DEMONITISATION,SIR,I FEEL WHATEVER NEGATIVE HAPPENING IN OUR COUNTRY IS BECAUSE OF ABSENCE OF PATRIOTISM,LOYALTY AND NATIONAL CHARACTER IN US SO THERE IS AN URGENT NEED TO BUILD NATIONAL CHARACTER BY REFORMING OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM SO THAT EVERY CITIZEN BECOMES PATRIOTIC.TV CHANNELS,MEDIA AND BOLLYWOOD CAN ALSO PLAY A VERY VITAL ROLE IN BUILDING NATIONAL CHARACTER AND DESHBHAKTI IN CITIZENS AS HAPPENED IN THE PAST BY MAKING MOVIES LIKE SHAHEED,UPKAR,BORDER ETC.
0 0 Population control needs to set in. And so does uniform civil code. We are with you to help reform the society.Me and my family appreciate all the effort taken.Thanking you
0 0 Dear Sir, Can't this country run with all the political parties together?? i feel very sorry when,, on a single decision, there are uncountable attack of words. Is there something inside this?? Plz show a path or any way to get rid of this, in the favor of 125 crore Indians. It is much needed in this scenario. And ya, you have done what every pure heart wanted.. Thank you Sir for making us smile. We love you and hope we will grow faster and faster in every right field. Thank you again.
1 0 We need good government school's with basic facilities and good teachers. Please let educated volunteers help the Govt achieve it.I would love to serve but I don't know where to register. Private schools have turned into money swindlers with donations  mounting to lakhs for admissions.Since donations can get them teaching jobs inefficient teachers teach leading to bad learning.
0 0 Respected modiji,I am delighted by the action of black money and hope an action for removing corruption in state and municipal offices also,where the common man goes daily and have to deal with the staff who have long habit of expacting money (considering it their legitimate right) and delaying the process of working.Hope a measure in near future to curb the corruption at these levels which will give a big relief to a common man. Congratulations on the good work.regards
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Sir Please strict rules for banks also, as in banks of sonipat and rohtak bank officers changes currencies of their subordinates and please give order to banks that arrange swapping machines for shops as early as possible as I applied it for on 10 November but still not get. Sir you done marvelous work .Thank you very much sir.
2 0 Dear PM Modi, With regret I have to tell you that despite several attempts to see you or communicate with you I did not succeed. I am from Trinidad and Tobago. I have a global solution for Carbon foot print and Global worming. It is very scientific and tried in USA but for selfish reasons it was shelved. Or was not pursued. I need to talk to you for only 15 minutes to explain what the technology is all about. It is Patent Pending and ready to be Prototyped. I am sure you won't regret meeting
1 0 Dear My PM, Request. 1. Pl remind Govt officials through your MANN KI BAAT that they have taken OATH to serve the NATION not THEMSELVES. 2. Corrupt Politicians. Please make EXAMPLES/SPECIMEN of them. 3. Medicine Doses. Request frequently on monthly basis. NATION IS WITH THE PM. 4. ChanakyaNeeti. THE Teachings of CHANAKYA were good. Please impleament them. NATION requires them NOW. 5. THEME FOR 2017. Crusade against hoarders. Incentive for good COMMON MAN.
0 0 Brokers-Mumbai.I am an artist and make just enough to survive and pay my rents.The brokers in Mumbai take 2 months rent for 11 months contract & take double to triple amount as registration fee all from tenant's.rent increases every 11 months and a renewal brokerage of 1 month paid again to brokers on 12th monthThe owners go through brokers so they can avoid all charges.No receipts are given by brokers.all turn into unaccounted money
0 0 With the vision of creating more jobs, advice Indians to volunteer extensively in nearly towns and villages to promote your schemes ( jan than accounts, swatch bharat , aadhar card, digital economy …) till Dec 31, 2016 . Subsequently, offer preference to volunteers - for government jobs/ other jobs in order to increase public participation. In Canada - A person with volunteer experience is given much more preference to get hired than with no experience.
0 0 Garbage disposal in trains. The simple solution is carryin ones own garbage bags.Each time I travel I make sure people around me would also put their garbage in my bags rather than throw it out the window..when I get off at my station I drop of the garbage bags in the nearest bin.the change we need is the way we Indians think..let us no more say it's the job of the govt.
1 0 Dear PM, the LOHPURUSH , Some suggestions: 1. Momentum. PL Continue with the momentum. Now is the time when a sizeable proportation of the population is looking upto you as the cleanser and saviour of this nation. Therefore A.  Incr freq of MANN KI BAAT. PL address the NATION more often. B.  Channelise Energy. Some major arrests of affluent defaulters will bring immense faith in GOVT. C.  The decisions are great. PLEASE increase the dose level.
0 0 Dear Sir,  Please create more and more jobs in every sector and have it promoted via media extensively . More the people on payroll , more will be tax payers community base.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please reintroduce amnesty scheme till Dec 31, 2016 ( All Indians are “involuntary” participants in this society of black money - they will get an opportunity to pay tax and convert to white money and henceforth you will see increased cooperation from them to become future tax payers, change their mind set and appreciate your honest vision for India ) . This will increase government treasury - more economic  reforms ….
0 0 Dear Sir, please speak about demonetisation and the benefits it will bring in medium to long term. People are currently being misled by oppositions comments. Hopefully your scanner will be on benami deals, land mafias and also public housing initiatives for common people.
0 0 Sir, Many congratulations on Demonetization Policy. I have been living in Canada for 10 years now and the steps to a cashless society in India , is surely step in right direction and living in Western Society ( where 95% of transactions are digital ) your dream for digital India is achievable. It will take time, but under your leadership and great team, it will happen. So, please don't stop. Soon, people will appreciate its benefits and added convenience in their lives.
0 0 DD news and DD channels show all round and positive focused programs. What should we do about degrading quality of some other news channels. Keep doing good on DD news side, make DD news so good. Other news channels will and have to learn a lesson from it.
0 0 Demonetization, removing corruption and black money will be the single most highest impact in providing us a modern India. Let us keep focusing on the greater good, some people may still deal in grey practices they will turn eventually or we will find ways to enforce transparency as time passes. Good step on demonetization. Keep leading we are with you.
0 0 Respected Sir, I have an education loan and i am paying the EMIs from past two years to SBI, i am lower class guy who is somehow managing his family and responsiblities. the Loan intrest is so high that it is not reducing at all even after 2 years. it seems that i will have to pay EMI for my whole life which will certainly destroy all of my future hope. i humbely request you if you can waive off atleast education loans taken before 2010. It will surely secure life of youth.
0 0 Programs for children to learn value of money from younger age. This should also help in helping them think and know what profession they may like.  Also increase rigor and remove corruption in granting engineering colleges license to operate. Many colleges are not up to the mark.
0 0 Traffic rules and ghmc,govt schol teacher and dirctors are not correctly working sir plz find out slove as soon as sir
0 0 Indian culture should be back exmpl (dress.....etc)
0 0 Hi sir ladies need bathroom near every bus stop after every 2 stops sir they are suffering sir..
0 0 Sir, People in the banks were in lines for note exchange. When banks started the ink mark on finger, the line reduced to 20%. I have even heard that some people are paying for others loans. The money receivers are suppose to pay back the money after April/May ie., after tax returns are filed.
0 0 Sir, Aapko aksar kahte suna hun mere sawa arab deshwasiyon..Aapko is number ka ehsaas pahli baar hua hoga...ye number jinda hoker  bank aur atm ki katar me khara hua hai..You must have understood how big the number is after your initiative..Now it is time to discuss about POPULATION..We're increasing every second, every minute..no schemes, no initiatives can feed these many people..Plz realize the menace and act. Your office has never spoken on Population Control..why this silence Sir?
0 0 Sir, In Japan there is Pearl cultivation. For the states that has/cannot generate revenue  this may be profitable.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please. Do not hear govt employees requesting you to pay salaries in cash of 10000/- the political parties may take undue advantage of converting old notes with them. Let them habitual to accept the digital mode of transactions.  Let them use paytm or some other mode but pls do not approve these requests.
0 0 With tourism, revenue can be generated and local vendors will get business. Money will rotate especially for the states where revenue is low. Please see the attachment Sir.
0 0 Sh. PM Modiji, For the first time in my life of 33 years, I am proud of being a citizen of a democratic country. Please see my attachment.
0 0 Sir, jai hind..am an airman.. Demonetization is being experienced second time by this nation..for many it is their first such experience..Initially i jumped at the very declaration that night..several messages exchanged..But, this crowd is not decreasing..Did you really have an idea that the situation will reach this level that people will fight and kill..You probably got deceived
0 0 PM sir,with great respect we urge to know the logic behind introducing 2000 note instead of 1000 ...in the long run, will it not be relatively convenient for corrupt people to transfer the amount as merely 50 of them will make 1 lakh ！Despite safety features will it not encourageduplicacy ？Was 500 rs note not enough to run the economy ？Your step is bold enough to change the behaviour of a  nation...But we simply need to know the idea behind Rs 2000 note as lay man....otherwise hatsoff to you...
1 0 It should be the collective resposibility of MPs to remember these martyrs before the session everyday.. All MPs should rather 1. While parliament in session, both the houses should observe silence for our martyrs. 2. MP of martyr's constituency should present the martyr's story, achivements, scarifice and family condition. 3. Concerned MP should appeal for individual contributions from house to fund education of martyr's children. 4.MP spend some time on border.. Jai Hind
0 0 Hi Sir, There are lot of middle class families, who booked flat in Unitech Unihomes Ltd, sec 117 Noida in 2009. It is constructed by reputed company Unitech Ltd. We have not got our flats, and living a miserable life. We have to cut down our necessary expenditure and compromise on education of children so that we can bear the burden of EMI and Rent...sir, please help us in getting our flats..Lakhs of home buyers will give blessings to you and your party. #Mannkibaat #PMOnRadio #MyGov
0 0 Bank managers , bank employees and petrol bunk owners  gets so much benfit from this demonstration. Demonstration is very good step by our Hon'ble PM Modi Sir but Sir fails in controlling bank managers, employees and bunk owners to not change block money. they have taken 30% commission from black people and putting no cash boards in front of banks. Really I am getting tears. I know how much our PM struggling to develop our Nation.He is a true Desh Bakt. Am Iright or wrong??? please comment
0 0 Sir please request all party members(especially opposite) that if you wanna protest than u can protest it's ur right but please don't waste food , milk and vegetables..u can use banners...they have no right to waste it as it can be a food of many families..if not possible on request than sir please make rule for that and give strict punishment to those people who responsible .also punish those people who damage national property
1 0 Hi, I really appreciate the note ban steps of our prime minister. But final aim of our country should be to become a cashless economy. This is not possible in one day in a country like India. I have some suggestions regarding this. Please see attached for the suggestions. If we are able to implement the suggestions properly, we will be a cashless economy within a decade.
0 0 Sir,Reg Black Money&Illegetimate properties, I wish to submit my below suggestions: a)We can ask people to voluntarily disclose their black money by offering them to open a Very Long term Fixed Deposits for a nominal interest rate of say 2 to 5%per annum or zero interest with a Tenor of 15 or 20years.By this ,ppl will be happy that their money will be available for them in future and GOI can  utilize this money for developmental works. b)All properties can be linked to Aadhar cards!
1 0 Dear pm sir at this time our politics is very dirty you are doing very well work but sir i wish you do the clean our politics.we are always supports to you. sir i'm a starts up of in agricultural field. i want to some helps to you starts ups. thank you....!! jay hind jay bharat.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, We are very happy with the demonetization step you took. We support you always. I want to bring it to your notice that many bank managers are redirecting the new 2000 rupee notes to big corrupt people to exchange their black money. Please watch those bank managers. Please make a statement that you will dismiss all such managers/employees who ever is involved in such illegal activities. You need to take some steps like this to make demonetization a grand success. BEST PM EVER!
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister Namaskar My suggestion is for controlling black money : 1. Pls allow common men to claim their house hold and personal expenses from their annual income ( only non cash expenses ) : same as companies : this will save them on income tax where government will loose on one hand as income tax but on other hand it will win by making more money though sales tax on their purchases vs current senario is that if somebody can save on sales tax they will happily pay cash.
0 0 sir, please remove CAST RESERVATION in education and employability
1 0 Respected sir This is my suggestion for installing condensation water plant in sea.This plant will generate drinking water from salty air in the sea and that water can be used .
0 0 FROM OUR TWO GREAT ACTOR MR SAHARUKH KHAN AND MR AMIR KHAN NOW A DAYS ONE WORD IS VERY FAMOUS intolerance (Hindi meanings: न सहने योग्यता - n sahane yogyata IE असहिष्णुता)..............FOLLOWING BULLET POINTS MAY CHANGE THERE MIND>>>>>> > MY NAME IS KHAN ..AND I AM NOT TERRORIST ( BUT WHY EVERY TERRORIST GOT CAUGHT IS KHAN ...IN THE SENSE MUSLIM ..LET IT BE IN INDIA AFZAL GURU OR KASAB OR OSAMA BIN LADEN OR MASUD IN PAKISTAN OR DAWOOD IN DUBAI....ETC ETC..... >INDIA GAVE 55 CRORE TO PAKISTAN I
0 0 Hello Modi Sir, I am very happy with your decision over Black money. But i want share my opinion regarding the money which is still not deposited in bank. I think you have to increase the deposit limit in bank so that the money which is still we hoping not according to our calculation would be deposit. It will attract those public whose actually not deposited black money. Kindly reply me on my suggestion if you found any do's and dont's. I am waiting for your response.
0 0 NaMo is a unique Deshbhakt very hard working Nationalist. Works very hard for the Nation. I am worried about the wellbeing and security of NaMo as he will never be welcome by the corrupt Opposition. This country has doubutful history of elimination of well meaning angels secretly conducted by the vested interests. God Bless Him.
1 0 My Suggestions for INCREASING DIGITAL TRANSACTIONS are : 1. 0 % Cash Transactions for Buying any Vehicle. 2. 0 % Cash Transaction for Buying Real Estate. 3. All Businesses with turnover more than 5 Lakhs should COMPULSARILY be accepting Debit Cards/e-wallets as there payments. 4. All Such Businesses should be PENALIZED if they Deny accepting Digital Payments. 5.All extra charges of Digital Transactions should be subsidized by govt. to promote it. Extra Income tax will make up for subsdy
0 0 Resp. PM, we all are aware of the extreme sacrifices being made by our soldiers and later on the difficulties being faced by their families. In this regard I have two suggestions, a) Build new educational institutes for the children of martyrs and till the time such institutes are developed give them reservation in all the schools and colleges across the country. Give free and quality education to their children. b) Request corporate houses to adopt the families of martyrs and help them
0 0 Now that public overwhelmingly supports PM Modi on demonetization in Poll opinions my question is whether the opposition represents people in this representative form of Govt.? Are they the representatives of the people for the people once they are elected by the people? In the past Governments were not doing what they were elected for - their poll perspectives! Is this not the time to make alternative representations mandatory for implementations. Shameless is the unity of opposition leaders.
0 0 We, the students of College of Engineering Pune (COEP), have recently completed M.Tech in Project management. Though we have very good career opportunities abroad, but rather than using our talent and skills for growth of other countries, we would like to serve our nation. GoI has already invested money for our education, so we would like to pay back those efforts by working for GoI. We will be grateful if you could offer suitable work opportunity to use our talent and knowledge for the same.
0 0 Sir, With your 8th Nov. announcement on demonitization of Rs.500 & Rs.1000,we the common man are facing lot of inconvenience. Instead of bringing Rs.2000 note, why can't it be Rs.200. Let ATMs in this country dispenses 200 & 100 notes only and counters in the banks collect 500 & 1000s with constituting extra counters and using the services of retd employees of Banks. sufficient no.of currency may please be put in ATMs at frequent intervals to draw the money to avoid panic and unrest. Regards.
0 0 Why more focus should be given to primary school education. Students in junior classes must be taught good values. There ought to be specific classes on imparting positive values of life to students and not just mathematics or science day in and day out.
0 0 Sir, I have idea regarding cashless economy, If we use  virtual card having no adhar no , which is linked with bank account, swipe machines will have biiometric machine.no online frauds chances, no pin,no card required
0 0 In Pune city There is no sufficient Cash in Bank Of Maharashtra and any other nationalized bank,If I asking bank manager about shortage cash,so bank manager replied last 3 days no cash supplied from RBI bank,and bank Staff suggest please complaint about bank from anywhere in India. Last 4 Days I am very panic about cash withdrawals
0 0 My suggestion is to build water desalination setup in India .please install these plants in the state which are near to sea which can filter the sea salty water to sweat and drinkable water like in Dubai .So the drinking water problem can be solved in India and more project that I thought in engineering that we can generate drinking water by setting up a glass condensing coils in the air path in sea upto 100 feet height ,so the air will touch the coil and water will get condense from air.
0 0 People of the country are with you. Inspire our youth and they will carry the work. Call them to duty to change the nation. It is their future. Nation needs them. We are at the turning point in history. We can climb greatness or will get lost in deep hole of despair. CHOICE IS THEIRS.
2 0 We, the students of College of Engineering Pune (COEP), have recently completed M.Tech in Project management. Though we have very good career opportunities abroad, but rather than using our talent and skills for growth of other countries, we would like to serve our nation. GoI has already invested money for our education, so we would like to pay back those efforts by working for GoI. We will be grateful if you could offer suitable work opportunity to use our talent and knowledge for the same.
0 0 Stop the import from China which is done in under billing and all the imported China items are sale in India in black.No one gives the bill of China item because of this under billing system and many items are imported illegal with  out paying the taxes .
0 0 money deposited in jan dhan accounts may be benami. To solve this problem i suggest that money so deposited on account of HD notes may be converted into 10 years fixed deposit in the name of the account holder. He/she may be allowed to withdraw the interest accrued quarterly or let it accumulate till maturity of fixed deposit. I think no account holder will have any reason to object.This shall take care of benami deposits and  poor account holders and their family members will be delighted
0 0 @narendramodi Sadar Pranam Modiji, Myself KPVSR Vinay Kumar working as Assistant Professor in Mechanical Engineering Department at Ramachandra College of Engineering, Eluru West Godavari District Andhra Pradesh like to tweet you and send a message on behalf of our students to our Indian Defence pupil who are securing our land soverignity with respect for our livelihood and inke nare Bharat Matakijai ko bar bar dohrana chahta hoo Bharat mataki Jai, Bole Sonihal Sasriyakal, Vandemataram
0 0 #MannKiBaat Sir, Success of #Demontization will increase when all citizen learn Banking culture Specially JAN DHAN A\C Holder,Start Educating,Can involve Field Health & Mahila Vikas Staff.
0 0 One more thing sir completely ban the bar and restaurant
0 0 Change the currency system and only keep swiping system all black money will be in the under government and it will help to poor ppl corruption will stop automatically...
1 0 ACTIVATE OUR INDIAN CITIZENS AS SAME AS OTHER DEVELOP COUNTRIES PAY TAXES HONESTLY & ALSO TAKE SPL. PROMISE & OATH OF 100% VOTING BCZ OF WHEN GOOD MEN GIVES VOTES THEN GOOD. PEOPLE WILL CHOSE THIS WILL HELP IN GROWING INDIA ........ MAY "MERI MATA RANI CHINTPURNI " GIVE YOU POWER TO FIGHT THERE ALL MAHISHASURS ALL KNWS..... YOU ARE THE BEST OF INDIA RAHUL/SONIA ARE GUEST OF INDIA KEJARIBABAL IS WASTE OF INDIA ..... FOCUS ON YOUR WORK NOT GIVE ATTENTIONS TO THESE BARKING DOGS SELDOM BITE
0 0 It is Very Brave Decision of Banning 500 & 1000 Rs. notes. Will definitely gov can identify black money holders. below are the imp. things need to implement. 1. Pls try to reduce government sector corruptions. 2. Free all education for every INDIANS. 3. Increase tax limit so person will more spend. will help to grow our economy (GDP)will create more jobs to everyone. 4. No need of 2000 rs. note otherwise same problem will face after few days. 5. Promote plastic money.
0 0 Respected  Sir My suggestion is on India -Pak border violation ,can be make a wall on the border to complete stop of border violation and terrorist activity.
0 0 pradhan mantri ji i would like to draw your attention towards the exchanging of currency through banks. on the other side people are standing in lines queue for a long time for exchanging currency or depositing money and somewhere in banks bank manager changing money from different mode in huge amounts legal step taken and strict action focus on banks employees and banks manager higher authority sahil arora alwar
0 0 Respected Sir, We have Large Number of ATM across the country.but In Some ATM we have to Touch Screen and  In some ATM we have to Press the button which is Right side of the Screen for withdrawal of money. Different Banks have different  Procedure.for better understanding of Public Make one Standard Procedure of All Banks ATM. So Public can Operate  transaction through  ATM easily.
1 0 Dear Sir Namastey ,Govt has to do some constructive reforms in currency ban unless it becomes too late because it is very hard time for farmers ,patients,and old persons who don't have children.it will not stop corruption in india.Also if we think cashless economy their are lot of challenges like education,knowledge of technology and cyber security so firstly India should develop in education,technology and cyber security because these are interlinked.Thanks
0 0 pradhan mantri ji with reference to decision demonetization of 500 and 1000 notes currency its really good appreciable remarkable step for making policy announcing policy for the development of country. but there is a need study of decision theory matrix theory queue theory line programming theory before exchanging the currency by the banks as a medium of exchange notes currency now a days as we are seeing everywhere no of issue taken place while exchanging currency sahilarora alwar raj.
0 0 Respected Modi Ji Please make a  strict law on cheque bounce and allow only one account on a single name and account should be blocked when cheque issue from this account is blocked.Now in India it takes 3-4 years in  court for cheque bounce cases. Now a current or saving account holder issue cheques from account  which have no balance and cheque get bounce and they do their other transaction from other accounts willing full. So block all other account and allow only one account on pan India.
0 0 Sir It is known fact that 'Todays work results in future's result' 1.change in currency of present ₹100,₹50,₹20,₹10 is also to occur but as a surrender of amount before particular date by not stopping any transaction with old currency. 2.Any govt till now didn't care on education system from childhood to graduation properly because they have don't have voting rights. So education system in India is decreasing now than ancient India. Please bring huge reforms and make India bright  education
0 0 sir, you launch bullet proof jackets for Indian soldiers.. then please donate gumboots for the poor farmers.
0 0 Respected Sir, There should be One standard Procedure for All Banks for NEFT/RTGS/Bill Payment/Add Beneficiary   while doing Online Transaction. All the option on all Bank website  should be at Same Location. Extra Option of Any can be added end of the Screen. So People can easily operate any banks Account.
5 0 1 million jobs @ ⅓ cost With Dual employment where 2nd job could be any of Military, Police... Gains Will increase strength of Security Personnel with less cost In Crisis times GOI can utilize these people Cost on Govt would be minimal Citizens feel more responsible for Country More Job satisfaction than boring single job Flexible Working Military: Primary job 10 months Military for 2 months Police: Primary Job 3weeks/month or 3days/week Remaining weeks/days as Police
1 0 One more thing sir I had given  suggestion regarding use of abandoned/unused land of railways along existing tracks. It was tried in my district with an intention to have some earning to railways but was become failure due to lease terms. the idea was to give it on lease of 3-5 years to have vegetable and seasonal fruits production. Please have it implemented nationwide.
0 0 At least release Rs.10000 currency which are satellite trackable. Genuine transactions only will benefit. Corrput will not touch it.
0 0 Regarding, Higher Denomination Notes ban, We Welcome and take joint responsibility for the implementation of the same. The following suggestions for the smooth implementation : To announce immediately some measures for people out of collected (accrued) fund till today with the Government. This will further extend the full support from the Public for the ongoing program as well future measures.
0 0 'Impactful improvement in traffic flow in cities' can be achieved by significantly reducing private cars on roads thru a 3-monthly charged flow permit (flowmit) system. We MUST achieve at least 30 kmph speed at peak hour on major city roads (from present 10 kmph), and accordingly limit the number of flowmits. Savings: - 90 min in travel per day - 70% of privately used fuel and pollution - Associated forex - Global warming - Frustration and stress Please see attached file for details.
0 0 Pre-Independence, millions of Indians faced the stinging pain of police batons, braved the bullets and underwent hardships in jail to get India its independence. I was not even born then. Our soldiers have been keeping vigil day and night,  at high altitudes under freezing climatic conditions, risking their lives by confronting hostile cross border enemies to guard India’s borders for me. I never ever thought of joining the Indian army. My Kashmiri brethren are living under constant threat of te
0 0 There should be a ceiling on property held by an Indian.
1 0 Even Higher Education system needs a lot of improvement in CBCS, Teaching- Learning, Research as well as Evaluation systems. To make each citizen fit for health, self-defence as well as to help country in emergency - Scouts and Guide should be compulsory for each student at School level and NCC at Higher Education level. Even NSS should be compulsory for each student at Higher Education level. Higher education should be competitive at International level. Brain drain should be stopped.
0 0 When in the year 84-85 computers have been introduced in govt. sectors employees protested for it. But now it is essential everywhere. But I still feel the distance from digital world in few departments like judiciary, land records, Police etc. Please try to expedite this as in the name of manual work people get undue benefit of it.
0 0 All purchases by cash above Rs.5000 should be attached with a PAN/Aadhar. No cash transactions in Malls. All mobile numbers should attach an Aadhar number. Else number will be deactivated.
0 0 Sir, A per you attack on black money you are going to lay charge on unaccounted properties. but what is your plan for the properties purchased by  innocent people but they haven`t got it registered for the same. The property is still in the name of the developer or the land owner. The deleloper in many cases  is deseased or asking for a ransom amount.
1 0 1 million jobs @ ⅓ cost With Dual employment where 2nd job could be any of Military, Police... Gains Will increase strength of Security Personnel with less cost In Crisis times GOI can utilize these people Cost on Govt would be minimal Citizens feel more responsible for Country More Job satisfaction than boring single job Flexible Working Military: Primary job 10 months Military for 2 months Police: Primary Job 3weeks/month or 3days/week Remaining weeks/days as Police
0 0 Naman. We live in Yours time is our fortune , With 9 Ideas Attached 1.Government push aggressively a cashless society 2.Supply Single Android Smart phones 3.Free Education for One Child 4.Free 8000 consult in any Hospital 5.15% Tax Slab Reduction on 10-12L per Anum on Tier-1 Or 2 Cities 6.Uniform Rent Control Act 7.PradhanMantri Gruhini Rojagara Yojana” 8.PradhanMantri Uttam Vidya  Yojana Class 6 to 10 Students 9.PradhanMantri Karma Dana Yojana and PrdhanMantri Samaiyka Betana Yojna
0 0 Sir every where in almost all big and medium size cities all land of commercial interest is in the hands of a few local netas and big bull of that particular area. They keep it with them for years to get better opportunities of commercial use. this is causing great loss to agriculture specially for fruit and vegetable side. Please do something for this.
0 0 If the high value notes are tracked by the satellite, every corrupted office will glow on the satellite brightly. If card swipe machines are made available in plenty even in tea shops, so much cash is not required.
0 0 Sir, I would like to inform that some politicians are participating in television shows regularly and not performing their duty I request you to keep an eye on them.
0 0 Sir namaskar my suggestions are 1 ask our peoples to be ready and prepared for more impacts like demonetization. 2. After this common people have got an idea to have digital world around them for reducing corruption. As we know that we the people of India forget things very fast  to continue this they have to be educated and forced to adapt digitized money transfer. for this a task force from within the departments to be made.
0 0 One suggestion to overcome the present situation fast could be using cheque , the only problem is that same may bounce due to insufficient funds . Though protection is available by seeking legal way but same is not practical. Instead if for cheques it is adopted as that if the issuing party's cheques bounce thrice due to insufficient funds (Implying that he issued same deliberately with intention not to pay) then his all account gets freezed as penality for some time
0 0 salute sir, a daring action taken hitting nail on the heads of the brutally corrupted. kindly do not give up under any circumstances or pressures. kindly close the mouths of murmuring  people due to exchange notes/withdrawal in atms by supply notes of all denominations immediately. thank u, hats off to you sir.
0 0 Due to any inconvenience loksabha or rajyasabha is dismissed on any irrelevant reason their should be some fine it's not a fish market, argument should be healthy.
0 0 Respected PM Sir Just reverse maan ki bath to people speak their maan ki bath just make it VOICE OF PEOPLE, so others will see the reality and inspire others to came forward to support the nation.  it’s people who are accountable to get things done and make normalcy. There may be days when more chaos than control, to ensure an effective control you have find key objectives, Take a walk through your office and have a sit with villagers to appreciate their support at this moment.
0 0 Modi ji My suggestion is that we must force all retailers to use EDC machine at thier shops by which we can reduce black money .
0 0 As like skilled India, it should be skilled education/ skills oriented education from its very root cause.Each individual after competition of studies should be able to be self-dependent immediately. It should be Aptitude and Capability oriented too. Another greatest problem of the day is Lack of Quality. Neither teachers nor students seek quality. They feel tensed for quality seeking educational work. But quality compromise is leading to risk for the further growth and development of  country.
0 0 Sir, Boiled with anger when heard of brutality against our bravehearts. Reminded me of the story in which Chanakya & Chandragupt used to visit locals in chadamb bhess to know about their living conditions. Chandragupt was not doing well on the warfronts lately. In a hut they saw a couple serving hot rice to their son who was very hungry,he almost burnt his fingers everytime he put his hand in the center of hot rice for eating which compelled Father to tell his son not to behave like Chandragupt
1 0 Namaste ModiJi, To prevent hiding Money, let it be black money or white money - Is it possible for RBI to print Expiry dates on the Currency notes. This will make those currencies to be returned back to Bank before its expiry date and eventually all currency notes will become accounted. By implementing this idea, India will become free from black/grey/white money that are hidden outside banks. Thanks, Anand Kalyanakrishnan.
0 0 Sir, One very positive effect immediately visible from #Demonetisation is taht 47 municipalities have collected some Rs.13000 crores tax dues in last two weeks. Please goad municipalities to scale up SwacchaBharat. Also include a regime for cashless economy in Finance Bill,2017. This will ensure "Trashless India, Cashless India" CA Srinivasan Anand G
0 0 Respected Prime MInister we congratulate you for the great mission of demonitisation.Sir due te increase in deposits in the banks the number of fake calls from hackers demanding OTP and adhar card has increased which rases our concern as very innocent people may become easy targets And may blame govt for not being clear on precautinary measures. I request you to please convey message to all not to share any sort of info via media newspaper large scale adviretisemnt and political speeches
0 0 sir you are making steps against black money now, when you take against cast and untouchability
0 0 Sir, Maoists have been hit real hard by demonetisation. There are news reports of 100s of them surrendering in Odisha, Chattisgarh and Maharashtra. Please seize this moment and co-ordinate with states and neutralise Maoists totally. National security is paramount for ensuring high economic growth. No security, no economy India is ranked 104 out of 113 nations in order and security!!! Smashing Maoists will enable India to leapfrog to top 50 in order & security !!!
0 0 My Respected Prime Ministerji, You have taken a bold step on the issue of Demonetisation. Whatever may be the financial outcome. Sir, more than all In Bangalore we are experiencing low traffic on the roads, less traffic jams and before two days we saw in newspaper Bangalore Police stating that there has been radical decrease in the criminal activities in the City due to Demonetisation. Thanks a lot for making way in bringing back bit peaceful life to Bangalore.
0 0 Namaste Shri NaMoji, further to my comments posted just now, a project of this huge size and nature, i.e, to Unite Humanity in a grand and rigorous manner which is the need of the hour or present civilization, could be executed only by spiritually inclined top political Leader like you, as I mentioned before - You Are The Chosen One by Almighty. So please see how this black money could be utilized to build this project for the welfare of Humanity to progress in a righteous spiritual path.
0 0 Sir, The benefits to national security from demonetisation are immediately visible. Maoists are surrendering in their 100s in Chattisgarh, Odisha and Maharashtra. Without national security, there can be no growth and prosperity. Demonetisation has contributed to national security by hitting terror/Maoists funding real hard.I am glad to queue up at ATMs/banks for my safety and my countrymen's safety. CA Srinivasan Anand.G
0 0 Are your schemes awareness reaching every home, every youth, every parent in every village, Mohalla, street in every class B and class C towns? Answer is "No". How it can reach? The best idea is that there should a separate wing in Skill Development who can counsel the beneficiaries for getting the benefits. The counseled people never oppose the schemes because they would be understood the important of these Schemes. No one can induce anyone against the government if they are getting benefits.
0 0 Dear MODIJI, I am writing from Toronto. We have Indian Rupees ten thousand of 1000 and 500 notes. Kindly do the needful in changing the same.
0 0 Dear PradhanMantriJi, Naman.We live in Yours time is our fortune. Honest Salaried Middle Class people Those who Paid Tax Every Month through Organization TDS for more than 5 years up to 10 years which Individual could have Saved  , Today do not have any back up system during partial Unemployment Or Laid -off from any Private Sector. PrdhanMantri Samaiyka Betana Yojna - Unemployment Wages Like Other World Economy.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, Fully support demonitation steps implemented by you. Whole country knows the motive behind the Opposition Parties loud bark in dark as they are wholly dark even in their thinking. Go ahead ever boldly.
0 0 Namaste Shri NaMoji. I am Murali, Singaporean and OCI. From your excellent job through Demonetization. I feel again You Are The Chosen One by God / Almighty which I first said when you refused to enjoy the first dinner given by US President as you said you were Fasting, Only a Spiritually strong person like you is needed to change India as well as the world. Please visit http://tinyurl.com/PeaceTower as well as my website www.almightyworldpeacetower.org. With the black money, help build it now
0 0 Dear sir,We have a humble request. As a parent i am so worried about child missing cases.Such cases are increasing day by day.We must stop
0 0 Respected Sir, Congratulations for bold step of demonetisation. Please take up the Financial awareness programme through your man ki baat programme else it will take many years to create awareness amongst the masses. Must address schemes made by State government but could not reach to people but money spent nobody knows where it has gone. elaborate on this and think of verification of expenditure so far. My prayers for your success.
0 0 Sir;can you say the people of India that whenever they goes to market for buying anything can they carry eco-friendly bags from their houses and do not ask the shop owner for polythene.It will be a good way towards the swacch Bharat abhiyan.
0 0 Congrats to Modiji for this bold Note Ban move. What is required is more contact with people to inform them the advantages of this move. Govt shd also give updates on quantum of deposits on daily or weekly basis. The  news  that Rs 5 lakh was collected was good news. It has to be followed up with updates. Similarly no of ATMs re Ali rated shd be given on daily basis. Last figure was 82000. What next? Why Govt is silent on facts. Even about size of queues will help. Finally where is RBI gov?
1 0 Dear sir make ATM and debit card and swipe machine compulsory for every shop office and even at homes to credit or debit goods and services than there will be mminimum requirement of cash.
0 0 Respected Honorable Prime Minister, It is my request to You to please provide us the assurance of the Early Solution to Nagaland Problem.. Regards from the People of Nagaland Thank You Sir...
0 0 Respected sir, Iwant to share a thought of rural development of rural areas.Nowaday we can see the collection of waste through municipal corporation.but my idea is to collect waste notonly city but also in rural areas.that is we distribute dustbins to each house in a village.and ask or warn them to throw waste and everyday a van come and collect the dustbins.if they neglect to do it we gonna cut thier pensions rations and other facilities.If this happens we can see green villages without wate.
0 0 Like agriculture land, there should be ceiling for residential land / flat area. example: maximum 2 flat or 400 sq. meter land in name of one person / family. N.S.Vedic
0 0 Honorable PM Shree ModiSaheb, Sadar Namaskar. Sir, I Dipika Shah, highly appreciate Demonetization. It is a Non-violent overnight Revolution for the Greatest Good of the Largest Population of the Nation. Now it should work effectively and efficiently to totally eradicate corruption from all the sectors of the Society and Nation, and to avoid again raising of the Black money. Next, Regarding Education and Educational System, it does requires a lot of changes and improvements still.
0 0 please issue as early as possible rs 500 and 100 for all the people. time for exchange money too long during this period block money holders once again block the 2000 and 100 rupees notes deposit their old notes in current account. strengthen the bank rules for transaction of money through cards or internet banking. insist the people to use POS machine.
0 0 Respected prime minister I want to say that our soldiers are fighting for our country safety .so please provide them special material cloths as like suits of astronauts Which covered the whole body of soldiers .cloth material is to be bullets and granade proof .because every soldier life  is important for our country.#mannkibaat
0 0 Sir ur app totaly not axessebel to public pl correct tge app settings s9 many other can send ther views to u sir
0 0 #MannKiBaat Namaskar Mere Py are PradhanMantri Ji. We are happy as we are enjoying Swatch bharat (clean bharat), swasth Bharat ( healthy bharat via yoga day),You have initiated Swasta Bharat (cheap bharat)ia demoneytisation . we will follow cashless payment n take forward our movement. However for cashless payment, Govt.. Should provide some discount. e.g. at present For making payment via card at LIC of India,irctc tickets, electricity bill etc. We have to pay 1 to 2% extra .plz. Waive off.
1 0 Sir I wanted to give suggestion on INDIAN RAILWAYS TICKET BOOKING SERVICE.As a idea came into my mind that selling ticket of general as well as of reservation should be done with linking with number present on the aadhar card .by placing bar code reader on the bar code of aadhar card all the information will be on the desktop and the information of selled ticket will go to registered number of aadhar card.It would benefits as:- 1-Regular updatation of aadhar will be done@Manytrees will be saved
0 0 Koini ma ki taakat nathi eni mane development karo and strictly decisions lo. Je thau hoy te thaay.
0 0 ========================================================== Swach Bharat Abhiyan (My 2 cents) - Lets try another solution ========================================================== Lets try another solution ===================== There are proactive collectors at district level who inspite of being in the government are doing great job. They already have lot of challenges. But, if they pickup this one then Nation will be grateful to them.
0 0 My full support to my Hon"ble PM for demonetization of higher denomination notes. JI once again insist open the account for people those who are not having bank account. Deposit old notes in account only dont allow to exchange directly. december 30 is too long for deposit old notes please reduce the duration. Insist to use POS machine in all the big malls, cloth stores, jewellery shops, automobiles, petrol bunks, etc, otherwise they deposit their( Block money) old  currencies up to December 30.
0 0 Dear sir, taxation should be linked to the facilities that are being provided by the government an individual paying 10lakhs worth of income tax should be provided for example better treatment at say hospitals, freeway on roads, pension etc as against a person paying 1lakh tax. this will motivate people to perform better and pay more taxes
0 0 PMji,we were knowing in 2010 that drastic action against corruption will be taken by the Country in 2016. The decision of demonetisation against corruption and terrorism is taken by your honor but it is governed by the divine power created through four yagya performed in different part of our country by Swami Prakhar ji Maharaj after the inspiration of Goddess Bhagwati in his dream. Please also refer to website corruptionfreeindia.info launched during first yagya at Kanpur on 18.01.11.
0 0 Graamgeeta for Village in India ================================ Please look into this if you have never heard of it. http://marathitheva.blogspot.in/search/label/Gramgeeta Just pasting an excerpt: The flow of village youths is turning towards the big towns and cities today. If a perfect plan is made to provide employments and jobs to them in the industries and professions, run by the village itself, this outgoing flow can be prevented. ||105||
0 0 #MaanKiBaat Sir, Please ponder over the issue in the pdf
1 0 Suggestion to Constitute “National Citizens Property Authority” Properties are the Favourite & Widely Spread medium to Invest Black Money. As said by Your Goodself that Your next target to curb Black Money will be Properties. Here I suggest the Government Shall Constitute “National Citizens Property Authority”. NCPA will have an Online Portal with an Online National Citizens Property Register (NCPR) which shall Use AADHAAR Authentication to Identify & Register Property Owners. Details Attached
0 0 Research Ideas for Future Energy Research point 1 =============== For future alternative of renewable energy resource. Our Indian philosophy talks that everything in this universe is made up of Sattwa, Rajas and Tamas Research point 2 =============== Using mantra or sound technology and a science called Cymatics. Research point 3 =============== Using lemon to create batteries.
0 0 Dear Modiji I M an orthopedic surgeon.Not sure anyone reads this or not And I have 2  ideas..one about WORK for everyone...second for farmers suicide...But right now to prove that your decision about demonetization is right appeal entire country to come for a silent march in support of demonetization
0 0 Pls sir one special hospital make on border for our soldiers
0 0 Respected sir, I suggest to have minimum tax for farmers having land holding of <5acres. For salaried employees tax liability to be reduced to 5% for less 5Lacks taxable income group people Have additional tax bracket for more than 50 lacks income group people with 40% taxation
0 0 U should speak about how this demonitization going to benefit the common man of India. Also once again want JHAN DHAN account holders to not allow anybody to use their account to keep black money.
0 0 Dear Sir, I Support you 100% as our PM & Your recent drive of demonitization. The idea is as good as its execution & unfortunately I have to admit the execution of this is big failure. People are suffering as this great idea is poorly planed and even poorly executed. One reason of failure is corrupt delivery system which is being misused by people to convert black money into white. We call banks they don't have money, ATM are dry and people are suffering. Please help to fix this quickly.
0 0 Respected PM,We are with you on demonetisation.Kindly, pointwise,on mann ki baat,let it be enumerated by you the benefits of this and how, and when would the withdrawal limits be withdrawn.I repeat, we are with you whole-heartedly.
0 0 Sir, Namaskar & Salute for your latest move of Rs. 500/1000 currency ban. I have two suggestions - 1.Our Military personnel including Para-Military forces should be given best benefits available in our country for self and dependent family members. 2.Existing Railway Network system should be Safety-audited thoroughly by Indian Experts from IIT or like Organizations, and all the recommendations should be adopted one by one, before embarking upon any further expansion move.
0 0 I wish to suggest one point about the current initiative viz, Demonetisation. Govt and RBI have declared that they have enough stock of New notes. Considering this situation,Please permit all the savings bank account holders to withdraw as much as they need but upto maximum balance in their account as on Nov 8, 2016. This will create a positive picture. The deposit account can be Savings,Current,Fixed (mature/premature) or any other type of deposit.
0 0 Thanks for giving your valuable time to my suggestions. All the best modiji.
0 0 Sir  pl reduce Tax rates while increasing Income
0 0 Respected Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi Ji... Namskar, Here's My Mann Ki Baat...Please read my "Mann Ki Baat" in Pdf Format...against your action of Black Money ...Sir Ji. for taking a strong step towards ending corruption and black money in our country your's and your government efforts are really appreciable and we expect the same from you all in the near future.Once again Thank you.....and please read my pdf file
1 0 Respected PM, there is a rumour among people that 10 rupee coin banned ,so that no shopkeepar is accepting it. many person are facing this prolem even i am also.so sir i request to you that please give right information to the country  through 'mann ki baat '.
0 0 Sir not believe in bank and e banking because the anytime bank charge the tax ,second is the search charge in e-banking Can you try the stop the unwanted taxes And can govt try to encouraging our citizens for E-banking  think about it 😊 #PMOnRadio #MannKiBaat, #MyGov
0 0 1.	Nov.14th was Children's Day. Please request all schools to have an Eco club and inspire the students to take up monthly activities like keeping minimum 1 km radius of their schools clean, tree plantation, awareness campaigns on relevant issues for the nearby slums/villages, adopting slums/villages, collection of unused medicines, old clothes etc. The objective is to help students to grow up as compassionate and socially responsible citizens.It will help students to develop leadership qualitie
1 0 Honorable Sir for the Seat of Prime Minister, I thank you for taking a very daring initiative to block Black money. I am very much proud of you Sir, to be under The cover of Ministry/Leadership. Sir, one tenth class student of Tamilnadu has come with a very brilliant idea of having expiry date printed on our Indian currency, as all product sold in a market carrying expiry date printed on it.  This system can never make any one to hold money of his own other than to deposit it in banks. (Th
0 0 Nov.14th was Children's Day. Please request all schools to have an Eco club and inspire the students to take up monthly activities like keeping minimum 1 km radius of their schools clean, tree plantation, awareness campaigns on relevant issues for the nearby slums/villages, adopting slums/villages, collection of  unused medicines, old clothes etc. The objective is to help students to grow up as compassionate and socially responsible citizens.It will  help students to develop leadership qualities
0 1 Thank you Sir for taking a strong step towards ending corruption and black money in our country your's and your government efforts are really appreciable and we expect the same from you all in the near future. I would request you sir to please encourage our country's youth to engage and participate in our country's governance to have new and strategic ideas and have a much transparent and  fair working administration in our country.
0 0 Sir, Namaskar I am proud of Artha Kranthikar Modiji
0 0 Respected PM I have one suggestion for Indian Currency Coin. The Indian coins are outdated and now government should issue New Modern coins it should have new shapes and dimension. The currency no. must be engraved in Brail script for blind person. It must be Rectangular, Oval, Square, Hexagon, Diamond shape for different values and must have blunt edges. It must have copper case from all side. It should have 1 or 2 holes in center as per size of coin. Coins can be easily stored by tying string.
0 0 ================================================================================== Initiative for Beggars to restore faith in people ================================================================================== •	It will restore faith in people that you are thinking of poorest of poor •	Will incorporate a sense of pride and positivity of achieving something •	People heart and mind will open up •	They will be ready to contirbute to noble cause.
0 0 Small traders could be given some incentives to make use of POS terminals. Small shops usually don't have these POS terminals, so customers must pay by cash only. Giving incentives may encourage them to use POS terminals. Regards, Srikk
0 0 Dear sir,please do some action against private hospitals.  They don't accept cheque and debit card...always demand for cash.....in emergency situations all people manage money from relatives......please do some strick action for hospital bills....
0 0 Regarding demonetisation,installation of point of sale machines shall be installed at all merchant outlets including petty shops also.fyi availability of pos machine are less in number in the market.it also has to be looked into.further POs machines shall be made mandatory for availing licence. In atm machine provision shall be made for account transfer/neft/rtgs etc.
1 0 Respected PM, I am a Sr Citizen, retd. pensioner. Many people of TNadu are followers of BJP for several decades but lack of good leadership not winning. The opposition parties oppose the  war against Black Money since they hoard them in underground chambers. In TN also lot of such things are  happening. The Medias,  mostly run by opposite parties and their allies,  make negative  propaganda against Center Govt. Recently  net poles show that  majority Indian citizens support this act.
0 0 Respected pm sir, We the common people of india are very happy towards your steps for black money.you are such a efficient prime minister. Sir ,but I want to say that although its a great step towards the currency,but my concern is about the basic requirements of common people.we belong to middle class,but still the life is getting difficult for us,but today have banned the exchange of notes,so how poor people who don't have bank accounts,will start starving.even middle class
0 0 https://youtu.be/9W-tEXVqbBg Watch "IamModi" 3 min short film. My contribution towards Swachh Bharat Abhiyan #SwachhBharatAbhiyan #PMModi Clean our city ,whether of DIRT or BLACKMONEY "This is not about MODI. Modi is only one of 1.2 billion people,but due to his thoughts many have understood "cleanliness is our Task...." Watch the CHANGE and the impact of MODI's thoughts on people. # मोदी कोई इनसान नही...मोदी एक सोच है....और ऐसी सोच जो भारत के अच्छे दिन जरूर लाऐगी.
0 0 Dear Sir, Please announce compulsory minor bank accounts or Jan Dhan accounts with every birth certificates going forward.. This is a very long term solution but 10-20 years down the line it would be a historical move.
0 0 https://youtu.be/9W-tEXVqbBg Watch "IamModi" 3 min short film. My contribution towards Swachh Bharat Abhiyan #SwachhBharatAbhiyan #PMModi
0 0 NAMASKAR SIR JI, VADHAIAN,MUBARKAN MODI JI *********MERA MANN AAPKO 9* SE SHISHOBHIT KARTA HAI ,AAPNE HAR EK KEN MANN KI BAAT POORI KARDI.TUSI TAAN PHATTE CHUK DITTEY ,MAZA AA GAYA.AAP CHALIYE SIR JI CHALTE JAYEE POORA DESH AAPKE SATH HAI .SABH LOG AAPKI TAREEF KARTE HAI KUSH EK LAKKARR BAGHE HAIN JINKE KHAJ HOTI HAI.MODI JI AAPNE EK KAHAWAT TO SUNI HI HOGI HATHI CHALTA HAI TO BAU BAU TO BHONKTE HI HAIN.SIR JI KUSH GALT LIKHA HO TO APNA CHOTA BACHHA SAMAJH KAR MUAFI DENA JI .VERY VERY THANKS JI.
0 0 Sir u can stop 2000rs new curuncy it is also start the new black money way but what ever u decid we all support u and one request pl dont chang India Tradfair Pragti maidan from delhi it should not chang it is conveniant place for publick
0 0 Respected Sir kindly take some positive action against the corrupt IDES officers due to whom the defense land scam in all 62 cantonments in India has crossed the billion dollar mark. In Meerut despite writing repeatedly to you the CEO simply comments that he has taken action while the Sub Area Commander is himself helpless before the CEO-builder-enroacher mob mafia. If you dont take action we have our army bases totally run over. In garb of swachh bharat toilets are being made on public roads
0 0 Sir how are you  I have prepared detail draft on the various initiatives Please find also another concept for united nations of india. After currency operation digital india should take one further steps ( gujarati ma chalak chalani pele gher dhani) A Secure Cash less community management will be become one unique chain and that will  be become the growth of nation. Thanks & Regards DHANESHVER BABU KNOWN AS ( DHANPAL SHAH/ DHANPAL BABU/ DHANPAL SHETH/ DHANESHVER SHAH) Mo.9374710438
1 0 Respected Prime Minister, Namaskar, Heartiest congratulations on taking such a bold and dynamic decision against black money, corruption, terror funding, drug mafia and fake currency. May God Bless You! Now the time has come to strengthen the network of 1.5 lakh Post-Offices and also reduction in number of nationalised banks to less than ten. These measures will help boost economy.
1 0 Respected PM, Request you to kindly do something related to the consumer cases in state commissions and national commissions. Consumer cases are something which really needs to be on fast track. Our cases are going on for 3 years and we still do not see any verdicts from the judges. Regards Anupam Mazumdar
0 1 Sir Mostly in metro cities like  Chennai, Passengers litter the rails and platform, because no provision for collection of garbage is provided in the racks of unit trains, and in most of the station platforms.  This should be looked into by Railways on priority basis.
0 0 1. Education which is extremely costly for common man and needs to be capped so that next generation are educated to work and move India to the next level. 2. Medical treatment which is extremely costly and should be capped so that people don't die because they don't have money. 3. People how have converted black money into other forms like land/Property/Gold needs to be pulled back
0 0 dear prime minister, 1)sad part abt demonetization is that biggest beneficiaries meanings the poorest are made to believe that they are being targeted 2)Non political agencies(even RBI) should come up in simple terms-animations explain how the move is taken for the "monumental betterment" of the poor through-a)vast bank base b)digital banking-micro banking system c)transparent easy credit to poor,3)Official presentation why each step taken in the manner it was taken n how exactly it benefits
1 0 RESPECTED SIR, PLEASE INCREASE SUPPLY ON PRIORITY OF SMALL NOTES OF 50/100/& 500. INCREASE SUPPLY OF 100 & 500 RUPEE NOTES WILL MAKE THE DRIVE SUCCESSFUL VERY FAST.
0 0 Sir The main enemy for our 'SWACH BHARATH" is the plastic carry bags, which should be banned all over india
0 0 I want to share with you about families saving for post secondary education of their children. Special emphasis for poorer classes where government can make a direct deposit under social security scheme so their parents get their children the quality technical skills without them having to spend any of their money. The same concept may be used for educating girls so they can assert themselves. I can share more if you give me a chance.
0 0 Sir One of the fields where cashless transaction is to be implemented immediately is remitting of money for buying LPG gas cylinders by customers
0 0 Dear Sir, Those who take daily bribe money from people you should also make tougher law to terminate their job when found guilty. Make appeal to public that no one should pay to a govt employee any bribe money. If I am given opportunity to meet with you then I can suggest so many things to eliminate this bribery problem from India once for all. Those who wants to see India grow must be given opportunity to meet with you from other Country as NRis. Thanks
0 0 Your decision is bold and welcoming. By this move, you have seen the real Indian versus the fake Indians. A real or true Indian will speak with his mind and heart. There are lots of areas you have to put your efforts into as we have lost over 6 decades of misrule and corruption at all levels. The real culprits are on top of the pyramid. You have to neutralize them first before you could move down the ladder. Have you considered sharing facts on potential economic growth?
0 0 RESPECTED SIR, REQUEST YOU TO ALLOW TO DEPOSIT ALL OLD NOTES OF 500&1000 RS. IN BANK ACCOUNT TO STOP MANIPULATION IN MARKET, (1) TAKE 50% TAX ON UNACCOUNTED MONEY ,INSTEAD OF GIVING 35/40% IN BLACK MARKET & STILL BLACK MONEY I THINK PEOPLE WILL PREFER TO PAY TAX TO  GOVT. (2) KEEP 20% OF BALANCE 50% AMOUNT AS  FIX DEPOSIT WITHOUT INTEREST REFUNDABLE AFTER END OF 3 YEARS BAL 30% CAN BE ALLOWED TO WITHDRAW.
0 0 Dear Sir, As an NRI, how we can exchange our rupee abroad because we can not travel before Dec. 30-2016 and we got the money in legal way while travelling before. Can you please allow or direct the High Commission Office in the respective countries to take the old note and put limit up to 10000 rupee only. Thanks
0 0 Dear Prime Ministerji, If your kind office implement the cashless economy, automatically the corruption and black money will disappear. If cash is available only the people can play tricks. Let them use Debit card/Credit Card/NEFT/RTGS/E-Wallets and available 50-20-10 currecy and coin
0 0 Niyojit teachers har state Mei bahut paresan hai.Uttar Pradesh Mei 15 lakhs niyojit teachers hai.niyojit teachers KO kendriya vidalya Ki teachers Ki tarah maanday mile.r sevasart bhi kendriya vidalya Ki teachers jaisi Ho.village Mei Jo teachers hai unki salary town kee teachers se jyada hone chaiye.teachers KO mid day meal se multi mile.teachers kee duty 6 hours Ho .teachers KO state government ke exploitation se multi mile.
1 0 Dear Modiji, As you have already told us that, even if we did not had the opportunity to fight for the freedom of India, we have an opportunity to leave for the country. So I am with you for the fight against Black money & I will support you for upcoming bold decisions against black money.  And in the upcoming “Man Ki Bath” kindly tell us something about your way of approach to your goals. Regards, Prasanna
0 0 I am student studying 9thgrade. There r many frnds who dont even know basics and reached 10th class! Thats not their mistake thats bcoz of their old school they studied. The schools they studied r not at all teaching any basics to students. They r just passing kids in exams. They give marks vid no knowledge. Plz take action on such type of scls. We students need knowledge. Let our school give pure knowledge to us for our country future development. We r future citizens for india. Plz understand.
1 0 Common men suffered the most in the whole bargain but their sacrifice will not go waste.Their contribution and patience will give them dividends and satisfaction in the times to come. They will appreciate the call taken in the larger interest of the nation. Sweat and hardship will be remembered in the history in the times to comes. Time is to show patience to see the full outcome of the exercise been conducted for betterment of the country and country men.
0 0 ***** Sir,there r many types of cards we carry in wallet like pan,adhar,driving lic,voterID,etc pls collaborate in one like in Adhar n its Mandate for future KYC all in one.no need to make true copy for students or any1. KYC will b paperless by it. Fingerprints might b scanned at the time of taking KYC or any other needful purpose.
0 0 Sir administrative officer jaise kee block division officer  .district magistrate.aise logo kee ek jagah pe 2 years se jyada duty nahi hone chaiye.aise karne par en officer kam bhrast hoge.
0 0 Dear Prime Ministerji, I like to submit my ideas Enforce Cashless economy Withdraw all 2000/1000/500/100 den. curr Fix upper limit for cash transactions Provide POS card facility at all the places needed. Let all the people spend thru their cards/e-payme Reduce all taxes or abolish them - Reduce the tax offices Increase the no of bank branches For revenue: Charge .7% for every trans done through Bank, and let the banks remit it online to Gov.  Every day State and Center can share it.
0 0 ... Contd..each society shall be given a target and some control mechanism shall be established for controlling excessive production which may lead to loss due to lower pricing.further agri depts shall be emphasized on selecting the desirable crop for a particular area.moreover responsibility should be delegated to the societies for ensuring 100 % insurance coverage for all the crops which shall mitigate loss due to seasonal failure.
0 0 Hi, Hats-off for demonetization. Awaiting for cashless India and we are willing to co-operate. Apart from this, India is actually a great nation the intelligent people are trying to move from our country. The question is why ? Because deserved people not deserving anything. If we have influence we can get placed in a good (Core) companies with good salary else even though you have good scores and good knowledge go-ahead and work for BPO. This should be changed soon.
0 0 Sir , mai apse ek bat bolna chata hu.jis trah apne black money pe rok lagi hh usi trahh.iss desh ke tamam private school pe v rok lagani chaiye,kyu ki wo log itna fees lete hh ki aaj kll middle class log ke family uase afford nhi krr sakte hh .aur savi CBSE AUR ICSE board ki fess government tai kare kitni honi chaiye.aur savi school ka pura biodata government ke pass hona chaiye..
0 0 Hon.PM thanku for cleanup process. Sir in today's time one person has more than one account in different bank and he use it well ,so banks account should be interlink. So that everyperson statement of everybank can come on single paper.
0 0 All those youngsters who have posted their views in support of demonetisation should get applause and appreciation as they have recorded their speech so very well with full confidence and each word is coming from the heart in full support for the call taken in the national interest . They have dared to condemn all those who are making unnessary hue and cry with full anger and giving full justification to convey their convey their support and oppose them all out.
0 0 Sir,In your address, reach out to vegetable vendors,milk vendors,maids,plumbers,laundary men, day wage labourers and ask them to adopt cashless payment options,like mobile apps or account transfer by their employers.I have talked about this to patient labourers who came to my clinic as their employers were not paying wages saying that there is a cash crunch.They were relieved that such ways could be employed to get their wages on time.Appeal to the common man to go cashless.
0 0 Hi Sir,Specially I would like to gave U example of people Who have constructed bungalow in Pune Mumbai like Big cities constructed multiple Flats and generating money from Rent lacs of Rupees. Not filing tax. You can catch these people from OLX, Quicker,magic bricks, and so many house rent advertising sites, to know Flat owners,those who are renting multiple flats and generating income.In Pune min. rent for 1bhk 8k Oners having 8 to 12 flats for monthly rent. Regards Shailendra Lohiya Pune
0 0 Respected PM Narenrdabhai Modi, My hearty congratulations to you for Hamaare Mann Ki Baatien in your “Mann Ki Baat” addresses to us. For inputs to your next Address on “Mann Ki  Baat”, suggestions based on my experiences  are mentioned  in attached pdf .
0 0 sir good evening sir i have very kind request to you that please promote the hindi language for all competitive exam . as hindi is our mother language and common medium for all exam should be in hindi so that many student who are not able to read in english medium school and  can qualify the exam .they have talents but are so week in basic english can not beat exam and disappointmented  .exam shoud be qualifying in regional language not.every idustry bank istitution promote hindi language plz
0 0 You have started the revolution that was a dream. It must end after complete reformation of the country against all social evils & elements. The revolution need to impact on the change of attitude of all Indians to be honest & leave contradictory or artificial life. Only honesty will change everything & secure our future generation. Time has come to switch over to honest life style, education & business. We have to sacrifice to create new honest environment for the heavenly India.
0 0 In agriculture the main problem is forecasting demand supply,mitigation of loss due to natural calamities & diseases,marketing and pricing of agri produce.to solve these issues ,more importance shall be given to agri societies,farmers societies etc.the presence of these setups shall be sensitized among the public and any one doing agriculture should be made a member of the society and the amount of produce required/demand shall be controlled through these societies in the form of approvals.
0 0 CURRENCY REPLACEMENT IDEA SUGGESTED TO GOVERMENT BY ME FROM YEAR 2012 Mr ANIL BOKIL,RAMDEV BABA & OTHER TALK ABOUT BAN/STOP HIGH DENOMINATION NOTES BUT M.JAIN GIVEN IDEA IS REPLACE NOTES BY NEW DESIGN CURRENCY WITH “SHORT TIME PERIOD NOTICE " & OLD NOTES EXCHANGE BY BANK WITH ID PROOF ALSO SUGGESTED MANY BENEFIT OF   REPLACEMENTS OF NOTES https://youtu.be/XyBH7UGZ8DM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePbCrU7oYZo&list=PLP-nGFpz3fa8lnLcUat8E_...  (AAJTAK nonstop news # 32)
0 0 I have a unique idea to make India Tax-less Nation(Income Tax) It is a most practical suggestion and a can create win win situation for citizens and Govt. May I ask for just 5 minutes of precious time of Hon PM,where I can explain the the whole concept.
0 0 मगरमच्छ तो अपने आकाओ को फोन पर पूछ रहे है कि क्या करे। Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on  28 Nov.2011said the time has come for "no work, no pay" for MPs if minimum hours of business were not transacted.Read Here  Shame to these .
0 0 JSK Sir, I am shailendra Lohiya staying @ Pune working with one World local Bank (HSBC) as Transaction monitoring Supervisor. (AML/KYC) Team. Appreciate your movement for Demonetisation. I would like to suggest you that Please ask your Team to closely monitor on Bank Cash distribution. As I observed closely Bank Staff always involved in Money laundering activities. PEP (politically exposed persons )n and their associates always use Bank as medium to convert black money in white.
0 0 The property should been seize first than the hard cash.superb idea sir but it have to be maintain thats important.your affort MUST not be a waste.possible seize all property if against this law last.get tight protection. Sri lanka was in war for 23years but look at thier country,everyone obey the law.so break bribery for sure or your affort may be waste We love you sir.although we are forieghner but we are indians too.let other race and other country vote for your making.your a king maker
0 0 Sir - clean drinking water for everyone should be among top priority and some tough strategic actions are required e.g. managing all water resources under a central authority by declaring it as an asset of national importance, technology upgrade, better distribution system, reducing wastage and leakage, building awareness, smart filters etc.. Thanks / Saurabh
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, Demonetization – The Next Step Salute! Being a Consultant and an ardent supporter of ‘Cashless Movement’, I conducted about 1000 sample survey in rural, semi-urban & urban areas of West Bengal to understand the view of citizens on Demonetization. Surprisingly, all most 100% people overwhelmingly supported your this bold step against black money eradication. I attach some measures to normalize the present situation for your consideration. kind regards
0 0 Firstly i would like to Thank you to you for demonizing currency. Sir,there is one things which is now very necessary for all type of Institute as well as for govt. Sectors also that is EQ{EMOTIONAL QUARTION} and SQ(SPIRITUAL QUARTION) because sir IQ can be developed but this EQ and SQ is very important because if you are giving a job a person which has good IQ but his emotions and spiritual is not well then it is not helpful.like if a person working for govt. So necessary have goodemotion
0 0 Dear & Honourable PM Sir, I am 83 years old & my wife is 80.  We want to register our Will but Registrar functions only through dalals and bribe. Maharashtra Govt. website says Registrar could even come at home in cases like ours where the wife is almost bedridden. Kindly help.  Thanks & Rgds.  May God be with you.
0 0 Dear Sir, My suggestion would be to start thinking about giving some additional benefits to people who pay income tax beyond defined limit. May be a portion of income tax paid by someone in its life time, gets redirected to medical insurance policy so that when the income stops, that person is guaranteed free medical treatment in all hospitals as per terms of the insurance. I feel that people would be willing to pay 1-2% more income tax if they are guarantee these kind of benefits. Thankyou..
0 0 Hi, I would like to present my idea of social security benefits. I will keep it short here and ofcourse we can go in details: Based on the tax amount slab if users are given social security benefits then people will not mind paying taxes. There are lot of mid scale business man who do not see any visible benefits by paying taxes. People are ready to pay tax and even slightly more if they are given some child school benefits, hospitalization benefits etc. based on the tax slab given by person.
0 0 Dear Mr. Prime Minister, The  demonetisation move of Rs. 500 and 1000 is a good move to unearth the black money and teach lesson the the tax evader. However, your preparation was not good. Before taking the step you should have pumped a plenty of Rs. 100 currency. Secondly you should have printed only Rs. 500 currency of size similar to the old note. This would have made your scheme a great success. By implementing the scheme without giving serious thought, the poor people have suffered a lot.
0 0 Sir you should Allow income tax officers free from any pressure so that they can raid on the offiers and politicians houses or farm house because common man doesn't have black money these people have black money  sir you should keep in law maximum of 1000 rupee note because after sometime people will do corruption by 2000 rupee note and it will be large amount from now a days.
0 0 Sir I a central govt employee. Sir maximum owner of industries are making their black money while giving one year monthly salary to their employee in advance. Please stop them to doing this and recheck the monthly bill for payment they are using
0 0 1. TO CURB CORRUPTION ALL STATE AND CENTRAL , LOCAL AUTHORITIES AUDIT SHOULD BE DONE BEFORE 30 SEP OF EVERY YEAR. MOST OF THE GOVT. ENTITIES AUDITS ARE PENDING SINCE LONG. 2. AS BUSINESS, INDUSTRIES HAS TO COMPLETE THE AUDIT BEFORE SPECIFIED DATE. AND IF THE AUDIT IS NOT DONE IN TIME, PENAL PROVISIONS ARE APPLICABLE.SAME PENAL PROVISIONS SHALL BE MADE APPLICABLE TO LOCAL AUTHORITIES. 3. CONCURRENT AUDIT SYSTEM SHALL BE INTRODUCED IN GOVT. OFFICES TO CHECK THE TRANSACTION AS IT HAPPENS.
0 0 Respected Modi Ji, Congratulations on taking bold decision on demonetization of currency notes of Rs 500 and 1000. I would like to suggest on multi property on a single name or relatives name and investment of black money in purchasing the gold. 1. One person and their blood relatives may not procure more then two property in any case. This may be checked on either declare it or surrender it basis by Govt. of India. 2. Reduction in gold rates will drastically nullify the black investedmoney
0 0 Dear Sir , All game is about to Tax . Kindly make easy process of ITR  that  every people (aam jan)can easily file his her income tax.
0 0 I am Lakshmi Narayana from Andhrapradesh, Dear Sir, The recent decision taken on the withdrawl of 500 & 1000 rupee notes is an excellent one. Though there are some problems currently faced by the public still we are ready to face these small problems for the permanent solution you provided and for a recoradable changes we see in near future. Sir, Please do not get disappointed with the problems creating by the opposition parties, I am with you along with all other Indian's Hat's Off Sir!!
1 0 1) Double the salary of every one in armed forces 2) Increase the salary of civil servants and a reward system for them 3) You have to be strict on deemed universities. They have been minting money to the tune of crores 4) Land should be numbered just like vehicles 5) Gold should be brought under control completely 6) All elections of state and centre should be held at a time. 7) Higher education should be corporatized
0 0 2)	*****************Demonetization—Boon for Honest & Middle-class Bhartiya**************** As a student and citizen of this country, I fully support the recent Demonetization drive that mainly fills the gap between 1% rich people (having 58% of total property) and rest of the 99% population and also hopes to witness some more decisions that will further reduces the gap between INDIA and BHARAT.
0 0 1)	Two Problems (Smoke levels & Excessive use of chemical fertilizers) -----------------Single Solution... GO GREEN.................& let’s try!!!!Plough/crush the left-over wheat straw into the same field. It will result into enrichment of soil nutrients i.e. Carbon, Nitrogen ,Phosphorus, Potassium and Sulphur  as well as reducing smoke level arising due to burning of that straw. Carbon and nitrogen loss (90%), phosphorus (24%) potassium (35%) and 75% of the sulphur75% was lost through burning
1 0 PM Sir, Further, I feel garbage collection in such a manner would be beneficial. Garbage disposal is also very important. I have learnt that in Gujarat common ETP used by many industries collectively. Same way I feel much of the homegrown garbage solid and waste, wet and dry can be disposed off at point of generation itself in such manner. Please look into it. Landscape beaut over river, nallah, streets etc. we really miss in our country. We see that in developed countries. Please look into it.
0 0 So please distribute rupees 500 soon sir people helping against corruption have to be saved so distribute new 500 rupees only for new 2000 rupees it will give people who participated against corruption a good relief sir old 1000 and 500 rupees first have to be changed as 2000 then change will be issued by banks... It will help the legal people who changed there currency up today...
0 0 I wish u to take serious action towards forgery and adulteration of food weEat. there is no one eating trusted food. From morning milk to night dinner, evry food we eat is adulterated. Though how many steps u take towards economical growth nothing is more important than people's health. I wish u to take serious action towards this people who make this food forgery. There r many kids who stopped taking milk being frightened abt its purity.i wish there would be one day we eat our food vid no worry
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, 100 bato ki ak bat link every lenden above 10000 with adhar, pan number, do digital property a/c, digital gold  a/c, or har system ko digital, easy  or public anusar banaya jaye
1 0 Sir, I would want you to look into desalination projects deeply, as within very few years , we won't have water for use in spite of maximum percent of water on earth. It must be sounding like kids to say this but desalination projects would really really help for our country's development too. Please see into this matter sir? #MannKiBaat
2 0 Dear sir... Now a days many people urging because you made poor people to suffer making change for rupees 2000 but many of our poor Indians believe you against corruption...now a day some medias and past leaders not accepting your ideas but please don't give up sir... My small idea we the Indians respecting your idea we changed legally our money and got rupees 2000 so distribute rupees new 500 for people who changed rupees 2000 only 2000 rupees have power to get new 500 rupees in banks...
0 0 Dear Mr. PM, I have a suggestion for huge money collection at some of renowned temples/mosques etc... and organizations. Instead of building huge structures, invesing in gold (religious or otherwise), there can be a collection set up by Govt and use it in structured way to payout social secutity, shelter to one generation of families below poverty line. The children get free meal and schooling as mandatory. I am sure this will be a constructive step towards eradication of poverty.
0 0 It is important to know that right from november allthose organizations, institutes specially in education sector professors teachers and subordinate staffis paid with cash salary . Respected PM kindly do check sach ttransatio who have received cash as ssalar . By taking black money as salary in cash. It become white . When all the employers are ordered to pay salary as NEFT why now salary is being paid through cash. Kalgidhar trust baru sahib paying old notes plz check it .
0 0 DEAR PM JI PLESE  BRIEFS TO PEOPLE ABOUT OPPOSITION PARTY STAND ON BLACK MONY DEBATE THEY ARE TRY TO  CONFUSE THE PEOPLE.PEOPLE ARE CLEAR PEOPLE BEHIND YOU JI
0 0 Sir, I support swachha Bharat. But now where in our area it is implemented. There are no roads in our colony. Open defecation is common. There are not dust bins. Drainage is left on the roads because there is no drainage system. Recently our village is converted to municipality and they always says no money to do any thing in spite of our paying taxes regularly. But so many house holds do not pay tax because no facility  is provided. I do not understand why rich colonies are well maintained
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, My age 38 years, I am not  higher educated, you can say like i am not graduated, i had to leave my study in mid, i wanted to study, but that was not possible for me, why, can you think..........
0 0 India can have a change to transform from DIRTY INDIA TO SWACHCH BHARAT.Since everyone is worried about slowness in business sentiments and growth being decimal .My view are as follows :1.For short term we should invest in Export and IT sector to get high productivity and in Long Term India should focus on Infrastructure, as infra will give slow returns.Utilize the unproductive assets like sick mills,retired people and women from rural area to get more productivity in short term.
0 0 Dear Mr.PM, First of all, I want to thank you (or rather say on behalf of all citizens who pay tax) for your vision on making India corruption free. I have suggestion Jan Dhan account misuse. After reviewing historical balance in those accounts, Govt should take a step to confiscate all the money leaving Rs.30,000 in the accounts for the poor people as a benefit of doubt. They may use this money as a gift from Government and will be motivated to support.
0 0 Respected PM Sir, I am a practicing Chartered Accountant. I support Demonetisation of Rs 500/- & 1000/- currency notes. I present before you my suggestion for reducing transactions in cash. 1. There should be a limit of cash withdrawal from bank after which a small percentage of cash transaction tax be imposed. 2. There should be a limit to the percentage of total turnover which can be done in cash over which cash transaction tax be imposed, over a exempted cash turnover for small traders.Thanks
0 0 Sir, i support demonetization. But the way in which it is handled is not appreciated. I am in a village Sri Rama Colony , in jalapalle, . Because of me and my friends efforts we have got two banks. But there is no money in the banks people are suffering.
0 0 I wish to remind that in the name of demonetisation, many have forgotten the Train Accident killing more than 100 people in Kanpur. Also the tough situation with Border forces are facing in LoC in the recent few days.
0 0 Why can't we make law which will allow only those people to have voting rights who pay tax. If any person pays more tax then his vote weight will be equal to his tax. Example if I pay 200000 rs as tax then  my vote will count as 200000 points.
0 0 Dear Prime Minister, My Age 38 years. my saving Income approx 12*10000=120000 per year and i am saving past 10 years, total my saving income till now 10*120000=1200000 approx and i want to buy a house because i livening in rented house, what you think can i buy a house in this money in  any metro city, i think, its not possible  according me, Why Can You Tell me sir ?
0 0 Sir,lot of Congratulations for taking first step to reduce black money in india .  We have to remove 1000,2000 rupee notes and coin in indian economy. We have to use 500 and small figures only. One important thing we have to do sir, such as " we have to introduce a law to avoid the withdrawal of this in future by any government".
0 0 Dear PM, Thanks for your recent ban on notes.Kindly on immediate basis starting Dec increase the no: exchange centers in maximum number of rural cum semi-urban areas with entrusted govt officials, with proper security.Some means of helping the poor people to exchanging the money will help them a lot.This exchange can be done in local schools,panchayats for atleast 2 days in a week, like how elections are conducted.Please find PDF attached for more information. Thanks,
0 0 Dearest Modiji, I am a small trader of bicycles from Koppal Karnataka.From past 5-6 years many state Governments are engaged in distributing bicycles to school going children. No doubt its a very good idea to bring back left over students to attract back to school. But I would like to highlight to you that there has been a biggest curruption been done while adjusting the price of the bicycle. And more over the benificiaries of the bicycle are also not making use of it.
0 0 Himanshu Agnihotri @ 7.10 pm views are perfect, infact this could have been limited for 9th to 15th of Nov'2016. When public Poll apps can give results within days why not "declare first and deposit later" will work.
0 0 Sir, Recently, while purchasing a mobile phone,from Reliance Digital outlet I offered to make payment by cheque despite submission of valid documents, my offer was declined. Sir, if we can have a clear guidelines regarding Cheque payments, at least a legitimate instrument of payment won't be dishonored. These instances encourage all monetary practices which most often are dishonest and contrary to our pledge of cleaner India. Thanks sir. #AIR
0 0 Dear and Respected PM, Sir I stay in Jaipur. Originally from Delhi but lived many years in Mumbai. I really admire Swachh bharat abhiyaan. It would be great if you direct concerned authorities to organize awareness program to educate people about good civic sense. Garbage if segregated and packed in different color bin bags from point of generation is very good and lorry can collect in the morning. I have seen the practice in some parts of south India and developed countries.
0 0 IN WAR AGAINST BLACK MONEY: DIFFERENT PENALTY & PUNISHMENTS SHOULD BE IMPOSED FOR FOUR DIFFERENT CLASSES OF BACK MONEY : 1. Black money no 2 : earned by honest hard work but evaded taxes may be because he does not want to abide laws or he is greedy or because does not believing in the ways his tax money being utilized by Govt & / Or siphoned in SCAMS 2. BLACK MONEY No 3 : Taxes avoided & money Generated by most of the Govt & Semi Govt officers , by being counter productiv
0 0 Sir, Congratulation for taking bold step of demonetization. Further please take actions on benami land holding & gold stashing. I suggest, open a portal for people to upload their land details with adhar, you may give 2-3 months for this. Have team of officers who will go through give appointment & land will be measured with latest GPS based equipment & property card can be issued to him. This will help to identify benami, Govt. will get lot of land & disputes related to land will be reduced.
1 0 we are very happy for your prime minister decision but i think it is not the proper way to implement the decision. what the mr."shakthikantdas"is saying is not implementing in the banks. i request you please give strict restrictions to all banks please solve the problem
0 1 Why can't we make law which will allow only those people to have voting rights who pay tax. If any person pays more tax then his vote weight will be equal to his tax. Example if I pay 200000 rs as tax then my vote will count as 200000 points.
0 0 Dear PM Sir, Good Evening & Many Many congratulations on recall of Rs.500 & Rs 1000 currency notes Its really helps our country towards fake currency & corruption and makes Clean India !!! Further more I would like to suggest to recycle that notes & Print New notes of Rs. 50 & Rs. 100 out of it. So that it will clean more corruption & Fake currency of our Country. We the people are with you !!! Thanks & Regards Ketan Kumar Cont. No. 00919723942629
0 0 Why can't we make law which will allow only those people to have voting rights who pay tax. It will solve all problems in the country. There will be no corruption at all
0 0 Respected Modiji, We have always shown our population of 125 Cr as a strength of our nation. While this is true, we must also understand that being the second most populous country in the world is also a matter of worry. With increasing population,we have less land to live, fewer schools and hospitals to benefit people and infrastructure is being pushed to its limits. I would really like you to take some initiative to generate awareness amongst people towards population control. Thank You.
0 0 Sir, the bold step of Demonetization has raised hope of brighter India. Those hit by it are raising storms. But sir, this movement should go on as conceived by you. Few suggestions-1. Scrap the I Tax 2 Make monetary transactions digital. 3.Enforce BTT But most importantly,4. PLEASE MAKE SCHOOLING REALLY MEANINGFUL. 5.Teaching SHOULDNT be an amateurish venture, but should be taken as a Professional Task with well written task and goals to achieve. Thanks, Sir. #MannKiBaat
0 0 Respected Prime minister sir ,  strict punishment policy for crime against women is the need of the hour ... a few words from you will send terror wave across offenders ... hoping for your kind attention
0 0 Respected Modi Sir..The technology in printing plastic notes involves highly sophisticated processes. So it would be highly difficult to manufacture duplicate notes.Thus distribution of fake and duplicate currency notes can be controlled.Sometimes people write unnecessary things or slogans on notes. Currency notes lose their beauty if we write anything on them.The plastic bank notes would last longer by 4 years compared to one year for normal,Indian Citizens are ready to welcome plastic notes.
0 0 Congratulations sir for taking such a strong step.. Although I don't know much about all these things but when my father explained me.. Then i came to know about this things...thank you sir for taking this strong step and again congratulations for my family.....
0 0 Why can't we make law which will allow only those people to have voting rights who pay tax.
0 0 In schools only theory is only delt with. practicals are not given to do by themself. Only teachers show it. Most schools do not have proper lab and instruments. Personality Developement is just a book complision issue. in our city 90% children copy the whole PD book. Insist more on practicle.
1 0 After demonetisation, there are people who are helping black money holders in changing old currency. So Government can made it compulsory to all people/organisation to file return with identity proof before 30.11.2016, regarding the number of notes along with denomination either at the banks where they are holding accounts or at the website of income tax. this will help in checking further back dated transactions and money laundering.
0 0 NEXT STEPS 1. FULLY CONVERTIBILITY OF RUPEE 2.UNIFORM RENT ACT ( REDUCES BURDEN ON CIVIL COURTS AS WELL CRIMINAL COURTS, MAKE AVAILABLE BUSINESS AND RESI. PREMISES EASILY AVAILABLE 3. STARTS UP CAN GET TREMENDOUS BOOST 4.FDI INFLOWS SHOOTS UP 5.MAKE A RATIONAL LOCAL BODIES  PROPERTY TAXES WHICH ENCOURAGES TO PAY TAXES. 5.MAKE AND ENCYCLOPIDIA OF A2Z CORRUPT PRACTICES AT ALL LEVEL 6.GIVE UNIQUE EMPLOYEE NOS TO PRIVATE & PUBLIC SECTORS JUST LIKE AADHAR CARD & MANY MORE IDEAS TO CLEANUP MISSION
0 0 Respected Modi Sir, Many many congratulations for a revolutionary change in the Indian economy. This will really reduce black money in the economy. Really, this is a great positive change. I would be happy Sir if you will share your views in the upcoming Mann ki Baat on declining interest rates on small savings and bank deposits of people and its impact on lower middle class families and senior citizens who are dependent on interest income from banks and post office. Thanks a lot Sir
0 0 Sir, congratulations, now its time to give " MUHTOD JAWAB " to oppositions. this kind of oppose can not tolerate. Saheb ek request please instruct banks that please issue notes of Rs. 2000 by withdrawing by cheque and small notes 100 thru ATM. at present withdraw thru ATM we get 2000 note so it defeats withdrawal of 2500/- and bank issue 100 notes thru cheque withdrawal. ALSO REQUEST TO WITHDRAW ALL TYPE OF TAX FOR PAYMENT MADE BY BANK/ CREDIT - DEBIT CARD etc. Thanks and ahead we are with U
0 0 Sir, I very much like cleanliness drive launched by you. I and all my family members spare time to clean our house and surroundings. I had observed that there are some big drains in all our cities and they emit highly obnoxious  and pungent gases including sulphur , NO2 and various other gases etc.  I hope you will direct the concerned authorities and chemical scientist to devise some mechanism to clean these big drains which creates  a very dirty environment in the adjacent areas.
0 0 I am a student and i have deep interest in hinduism history,history of india,what i have learned is that there is wealth of information in our ancient scriptures Prashna Upanishad and Vaiśeṣika Sūtra and many many many more.They are enlightening,all a person finds in modern science is present there. What i find is they are really hard to find a credible version of these vedas please try to research it and have text version of all vedas available to people,we dont know of our country greatness.
0 0 Msg to people:- Thanks to achieving the success with new economy policy to zero support to Black money amd corruption. A new law must added with corruption and black money holders after this exercise.April 2017 onwards. Void all ID proof.
0 0 Dear Modiji, Also I would like to provide few of my suggestions on improving the quality of education system in India. These suggestions (in attached pdf) can lead the path to - Build and make available-a quality education to all in free/cheapest possible cost, - Connect education in social and health life on daily basis - Encourage students crediting with different skill sets - Address social problem of school drop outs - Building swasth, Sashakta and Balshali bharat with mind and body
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I remember how Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee negotiated ceasefire with Pakistan in 2003. It dramatically decreased terrorist infiltrations and brought a period of calm in the valley. The current situation of cross-border firing is not helping our case as it acts like cover fire for the terrorists to infiltrate. Let us approach Pakistan for a cease-fire because Pak isn't mature enough to do that. In your Mann Ki Baat address kindly make an appeal to Indians to be patient.
0 0 Please link each and every document to aadhar, spread awareness so that everyone should consider aadhar as important as clothes. Before making India cashless which would eradicate corruption, make India 100% literate, ensure the diligence of teachers of govt schools, they should have a scorecard for various allowances which would be a reflection of student's performance.
0 0 Highly Respected Modiji, Today, we People of India, stand undoubtedly with you to contribute in your Goals and Vision for India. We will keep on supporting your strong actions to implement the same on ground.  I, Shashank Godale, am also feel fortunate to be a part of this NAMO Era. One simple solution that I thought on how government can tackle the issue of Black money getting deposited in Jan-Dhan accounts is in attached pdf.
0 0 Sir,myself miss DaveGargi.Sir like you I also have a dream of having “EK BHARAT SHRESHTHA BHARAT” one such best country where there is no existence of corruption, inflation, poverty, riots, terrorism and a country where goddess are not only worshiped but women are treated as goddess. A country full of knowledge, arts, culture, traditions, brotherhood, harmony.  Narendra modi ji for the same purpose I wanted to meet you .Narendra modi ji you are like a Deepak which enlightens the whole country.
0 0 sir, on behalf of people of Tamil Nadu i deeply request you to address on Jallikatu, more than culture Jallikatu helps our people to preserve the native breed, our bull would end up at butcher's hand if it is not for Jallikattu. Banning Jallikatu is actually removing the purpose of existence of our native bull. My deep request sir is to kindly address the issue and give your support to us.
0 0 All ngo & political parties collect donations & deposit in bank. Its tax free also. So any intrest accrued on such account should go to govt and not the account holder. Such account is having huge balance and earning intrest for which they are not eligible. Because its not their hard eraned money and not paying tax. They collect money for doing social services and they don't utilize it and earn intrest on the bank balance. Any intrest on such account should go to govt.
0 0 Sir I Anurag Katiyar first want to congratulate to you for such a bold step of demonetization.Me and my family are with you in your fight against corruption and black money. And for Mann Ki baat I have one suggestion that is As we brought GST for one nation one tax system like wise why we can not bring one nation one central education system from primary to college?Jai Hind
0 0 Sir,pl.minimise the charges ded.  by bank on using credit & debit card in long run and the methodology can also be reviewed and changed ,only u can do it.
0 0 Sir,pl.motivate in ur speech about alternate method in the system that  enable us to go less in cash because literate and smart phone holders are also queing in line.
1 0 Sir.i want to bring your notice regarding registration of birth which is done in manually or online in local level(i.e panchayat or municipal corporation) As now the data are scattered and far from digitalises.now if we register the birth in centralised manner and issues a adhar like number /barcode which can be used from vaccination,school admission, all higher education admission, scholarship,bank account,driver licence,passport ,most of the gov't and private scheme.
1 0 Dear PM sir, I'm very happy your decision of bane of 500 & 1000 rupees note. JAY HIND, Bharat Mata Ki Joy.
0 0 Prime Minister you can concentrate on rural economy in this mann ki baat about the effect of demonetization in their zone and the steps government have taken and are going to take so as to make them more liquid as your voice is heard in every nuke and corner of this country. You can also motivate them about the benefits of rupay/debit card and the usage of cheques.It's worth trying. It will take a generation and a half to migrate them to proper channel and i am not understanding them.
0 0 immediately install CCTV CAMERA in all banks to control bank corruption over demonetization.
0 0 Sir, if u pl.give some immediate relife to all income tax payee if they spend less than 10% of their total income in cash then at least they will start participating in less cash society.
0 0 Please install CCTV Camera in rural area banks to control their activities. most of them are not having CCTV CAMERA and they are converting black to white by earning commission. openly they are offering black money owners to convert their black to white. Please control this before villagers go against demonetization.
0 0 Please beware, Rural India is suffering due to irresponsible behavior of bank employees. they are busy in converting black to white of BIG GUNS and common poor people are not getting their own money. Urban citizen can manage by online/card/epayments but rural people have only cash option. Bank and atm are not sufficient there and corruption of bank is making it worst experience for poor people. most of the banks have no CCTV Camera in rural area.
0 0 I once again request the Honourable Prime Minister Sir to please consider talking to the nation on the Judicial Accountability Bill.
0 0 I support the Honourable Prime Minister's decision to demonetise the OHD notes. Jai Hind
0 0 postal order is work as curreny for three month in villages and DD in urban
0 0 Namaste Honourable Prime Minister Jii, We all support you for the brave & courageous act of Demonetization. But surprising, it’s really sad that our media is not support our act and creating negative impact. Zee News is the only channel which shares positive and practical news. We need to take severe actions against the News Channels which are creating unnecessary issues & supporting the oppositions as they are getting funding’s from them. Few ideas in attached PDF
0 0 Dear Sir, This is my mann ki baat but I feel, Its equally important for a citizen to appreciate Government for good decision rather than just maintaining a habit of criticism. So I wanted to state that "I like actions of my Prime Minister towards Nation and I am with him in all his decisions to make my Country better place to live. I can stand and support him even if I am asked to forget my personal interest and walk to some extra mile. Thankyou Sir for living on our expectations"
0 0 Sharing my views on Demonetisation for Shri Modiji
0 0 Smoking is an Idiotic habit.This causes a lot of damage to the Country-both people and Govt.The Laws to be ammended to be more strict on smokers and cigarette manufacturers.The cigarette manufacturers must be instructed to divert their business  in reasonable time.The age limit should be 30 Years.No loose cigarettes.The manufacturer must use at least 10% profit in insuring the lives of their customers.Hike the price by 25% and this amount to be used to help the family members of the smokers.
0 0 Dear sir I'm very happy your decision of bane of  500 & 1000 rupees note.sir my request is that after 50 days of change of currency means after 31st December all peoples who have under 5 lakh rs.home loan give them some discount or intrest free or some relaxations in our home loan.Please sir.JAY HIND.
0 0 sir Murawan police officer has dealt very differently my is pradeep kushwaha vill muraita navin post maurawan dist unnao state (up) pin 209821 my mobile 7080492974
0 0 SIR, WITH RESPECT, ITS TIME TO INTRODUCE AN SUPER FAST R. T. I. AS INDIA IS DEVELOPING  TOWARDS ALROUND PROGRESS. SUPETFAST R. T. I WILL BE A MILESTONE TOWARDS ALL ILLEGALS AND SUPPORTIVE FOR ALL RTI ACTIVITIES INCLUDING ME. HOPE YOUR GOOD  OFFICE WILL TAKE APPROPRIATE STEPS IN AN EARLY HOURS.
0 0 News are spread that bank managers specially in rural areas are changing big amounts of old notes on 20 to 40 % rate. they are offering government officers to get exchange to earn commission. black money is now shared between bank employees and its owners.
0 0 11. To curb corruption:- Very difficult. But have an idea to open a Indus bank- which will open account without any detail and will provide only Account no. with password. Any one can deposit money in any currency and will pay 2% as fund maintenance charge per year. Account will be operated with password only. This will help in curbing the black money going out of country and problem of money not in circulation can be resolved. 12. In Hisar, Circle rate for HUDA, shall be reviewed.
0 0 'Thinking' matters a lot.Influence is related to "thinking".The young generation who lacks parent guidance and Orphans have to be guided well and lots of care has to be taken of them.Lest they may turn into unsocial elements.The Govt must make a special drive on this subject as equal as "Swachha Bharat"
0 0 Dear Sir, You should read out ( declare) the result of your survey on Narendra Modi Site on Demonetisation. Also elaborate on the advantages/long term effect of stopping the 500/- and 1000/- currency note. Please announce some rebate for agriculturist/farmers as they never had the option to bank their money,it has been a trend to save at home only. Please declare that if somebody wants to contribute they can adopt one govt school, spend their black money on school betterment,
0 0 7. Audits are the biggest source of corruption. Self declaration is sufficient. 8. Norms for STP & ETP should be unambiguous and consent to establish and consent to operate certificate shall be given only after getting result of STP & ETP installed in industry. This should not be source of corruption. 9. Who is poor and how he will get benefited. 10. Govt. should give clearance to start "Sarswati Vidya Mandir" school in all over country and should be run by RSS.
1 0 Sir: The common masses of India, the workers and employees of private, informal as well as formal sector look fwd to a similar surprise surgical strike on the benami land owners and other real estate property dealers. The resale of land has gone multi-fold making a 5 cent land ownership by an employee in the government or private a near impossible deal. Since The 2000s or in the last say 15 yrs or so the rise in prices was not in single but double digits; the phenomenal... (refer attachment)
0 0 5. Old Man above 60 shall be given relaxation to deposit 10 Lakh without any problem as this can not be treated as black money. This is saved and kept in self.IT is not known in village. Also, no facility is provided for villagers to fill IT return. Every one has to move to city. Government should extend facility to village. 6. Corruption is very high in all licensing department even today i.e. Labour license/ PF/ Service tax department during license renewal. Scrap the licensing procedure.
0 0 Dear Sri Modi ji- your decision about demonetization is just mind boggling & as a senior chartered accountant I support it. However I fail to understand why people in cities need to exchange the old notes.  They can simply deposit the old notes in their bank account and withdraw new notes.  By giving this facility of exchange malpractices are happening.  Yes for villages, uneducated persons, old persons it can be the exception.
0 0 Your historic step to curb corruption is demonetisation and people from every walks of life are vociferously appreciating this. Under the predicament I would like to see change in work style of RTO of different states. In Assam we are rather compelled to buy our cars and two wheelers from showroom as dictated by RTO. Showroom owners sell cars only after one deposits other money for registration etc. and thereby the charge more than stipulated money. Another form of fleecing money is stamp duty.
0 0 Namasthe ji! This is sivakumar from Chennai. Demonetization will surely get the demons out of nation. It is a great boon to common man in the future. Request you to kindly read the pdf attachment for my thoughts on the next step towards clean nation. Every person should work for what he had been appointed. Following  demonetisation strategy in every department from now will lead India to be developed country. All citizens must follow and live the rules of the country.
0 0 1. I am happy to see that a bold step is taken for demonetization. Though i am also victim of same. 2. Jewelers are facing tremendous pressure. 3. More corroption started immediately of note exchange. Present rate in market is INR 80 new currency/INR 100 old currency note. 4. Bank manager and agriculturist are involved in this scam. 5. Old age women above 60 years, should be given clearance to deposit upto 10Lakh as they saved this much money in whole life. which they have never counted.
0 0 How can we connect more people to banking system. For all kids create bank account. Bring parents and child to banking system. I believe this will help for a cash less society.
0 0 R/Sir, The biggest hoarders of black money are big business houses, businessman such as jewellers, real estate  and political parties. Politics breed corrupt administrators and babus. Please make the elections transparent and discourage political donations. This will reduce hoarding of money. We need honest, committed and faithful politicians which is a farfetched dream. But your efforts has given a hope for that.
0 0 Dear Great PM, Flat buyers have been waiting for dream home. Kindly, regularise Consumer Court proceedings, it should deliver orders in reasonable time frame. Consumer Case pending more than 3 years. Projects launched 7 years before. Builder does not have Occupancy Certificate yet.
0 0 dear pm,i belief you started cleaning from home through 500/1000 notes so now please announce all black money in foreign country as "national-wealth".
0 0 increase the participation of young farmers by creating Farmers Field Schools for a Green Greener revolution in the country.  Linking the rivers by using 150 days MNREGA work. First cleaning and clearing canals and sub canals and planning and executing new canals for link work.
0 0 Why we need different Bank Account Numbers, why can’t we make everything linked to AADHAR Number as this is Strong KYC. Can prevent Binami issues
0 0 Road Accident Victims are the Poorest irrespective their social status. Why can’t we make AADHAR KYC for Accident Victims for Better Aid based on their Social Status
0 0 We SUPPORT DEMONETISATION.. As a STUDENT we have MORE PROBLEMS to get OBC Certificate(Wasting Days&Money). But this OBC validity only for 1 Year. SO Please INCREASE VALIDITY of OBC certificate for at least 5 YEARS.. It can Make Less CORRUPTION to get Certificates... Please DO it from 2016 th YEAR..Please Instruct TAHSILDAR offices to CONSIDER, Aadhar as PRIMARY proof especially in TAMIL NADU.
0 0 Mann Ki Baat - Nov. 2016 -contd. R/Sir, It has been a mammoth task to execute such a historic, bold plan of demonetisation. Great execution, prices and availability of essential commodities- flawless.. Government should keep upgrading its implementation plan proactively and swiftly.. India will certainly become a tax compliant nation, hence, more money for Nation building will be available in future..Electoral and Bureaucratic reforms should follow.. Regards, Rajkaran Singh Chandigarh
0 0 people were appreciating the efforts for curbing black money. Further more stringent action to be taken for the money movement in Real estate
0 0 Dear Sir, I fully support the demonetisation process initiated by you. There are certain things which need to go to the grass root level. There is a common trust on cash-based economy at the lowest level of common man, these constitute a very big chunk of the society. These people are neither tax payers nor use large denomination of currency in most of their lives. There interest need to be protected while implementing decisions on curbing black money.
0 0 Sir! Don't u thnk that it shud be cmplsry evn for all grls & women to wear a helmet while drvng a 2-wheeler? Plz bring sme change in Trffc Rules also.furthermore I rlly appreciate ur revolutionary step taken agnst black money & corruption.Bt do u know that wth the hlp of leading bank officials like managers & all alikes many blckmnyhldrs hv alrdy got succssful in converting their old blackmoney into new currency black money. and to gnrl pblic they say bank is out of cash. Plz take ncssry action.
0 0 woman power and womans rojgar housewife n mothers for work together n stay together
0 0 Sir. It appears that Cooperative banks have been allowed by RBI now to exchange new notes against old notes on a daily basis. But in Kerala the co-op sector are controlled by parties and politicians. In that case don't you think these banks will be automatically used by their rank n file or cadres through various means to exchange the black money. And if it gets converted in such a way don't you think the mission of realization of Lakh Crore to govt coffers... (refer attachment)
0 0 Please give free card swipe machine to all the merchants who apply for TIN number to enhance cashless transaction in india.
0 0 R/Sir, 1. There has been no stampede across India during demonetisation phase I, Nation has been with the Hon'ble PM. Special thanks to bank staff / others in chain 2. Decline in terror activities in J&K, other areas 3. Fresh currency being pumped rapidly, for emergency purposes old notes time limit extended 4. Lakhs of crores of rupees enter banking system 5. All citizens should opt for and adopt e-channels 6. A new Resurgent India is born Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti Chandigarh
0 0 Sir I am support your bold historical decision on 08th Nov.which will help to honest citizen in the country I salute to your braveness..vande matram regards.. Narendra kumar
0 0 Thank you for bringing in the Demonetisation Scheme. However now transporters could not able to move their trucks as they do not have cash for driver. Majorly money is used for Fuel refill of truck. Oil PSU can develop the system of prepaid payment card. Transporter can fill payment card with an amount & give to driver, which driver can use to fill fuel in truck at any retail outlet in the country. If required this system can be develop and implemented within a week.
0 0 Dear Great PM, Flat buyers have been waiting for dream home. Kindly, regularise Consumer Court proceedings, it should deliver orders in reasonable time frame. Consumer Case pending more than 3 years. Projects launched 7 years before. Builder does not have Occupancy Certificate yet.
0 0 Modi ji, As they say children are the pillars of future. For a growth oriented country kindly rope in CBSE, ICSE, Govt and state board school to educate and propagate the correct usage and advantages of digital money, and in turn let these children go back home and educate their parents about the same. Or schools or colleges can become nodal agencies to educate people about this drive. Regards.
0 0 sir you are the most dynamic pm of india so far. you hardly sleep as you have launched programmes and schemes one after the other. but are all these schemes being backed up? is someone standing at the back of each scheme being launched to supervise it and see whether the work on it is being done ? kindly tell the nation that how work is being done on these schemes. the latest demonitisation is a wonderful scheme but to be implemented properly. money should reach very fast to poor and needy fast
0 0 Dear Prime Minister jii, YOU ARE BEST MINISTER AFTER INDIA'S INDEPENDENCE 01)TALK ABOUT OUR SOLDIERS AND FAMILY 02)DO SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT FOR HIS FAMILY
