3 1 Sirs, We should encourage soft currency providing attractive incentives to our fellow citizens. Since currency printing its security and logistics involves considerable costs Govt can introduce incentive say 1 to 2% of the amount of money spend by every person in soft form. Amount withdrawn in currency more than a specific amount say Rs 50,000/- need to be released only after the person is identified via his Aaadhar card. This will discourage black money as well. Thanks
0 0 100 Mbps Across All Bharat [India] Required For Success of Any E-Governance on Mobile Smartphones is a MUST... Also Super fast Internet or ULTRA HIGH SPEED INTERNET, Something Like "GOOGLE FIBER" (https://fiber.google.com/about/) For Major Tier 1, 2, 3, 4, Cities is Also a MUST... For BHARAT AS A DIGITAL SUPER POWER... WE CAN DO IT ... IT IS A DOABLE THING...
0 0 Contd..2... My suggestion for this is to appoint/depute Tehsildars to the office of Lead Bank where they will exclusively deal with the RRC cases in the way courts deal with cases. In such cases they will have exclusive task of action on RRCs so as to be effective. Central Govt. may think of such concrete steps as this area is ignored and voice of bankers is not heard with seriousness by administration as they have their own constraints and other priorities.
1 0 One of the major constraints that the PSBs face is the recovery of bad loans. There is a provision in every State to file Revenue Recovery Certificate (RRC) before the respective Tehsildar through Distt. Collector for recovery of such dues. But the real experience shows that either no action at all is taken on such RRCs by the Administration or even if taken - such cases are countable on finger tips. Huge sum of money is involved in RRC filed cases. Contd..2...
1 1 1. Bank Charges are too high, One side Modi Govt is encouraging people to open accounts on other Banks are increasing charges on services arbitrarily. 2. Security should be enhanced for online transaction so as to encourage more & more people to do online transactions, If online transactions increases, Black money will reduce automaticcaly. 3. Credit card Interest charges are again too high up to 36% annually, should be brought down to base lending rate.
1 0 if any cheque fails for payment, the banker should freeze the cheque amount from the issuing   person account, whenever the particular account credit money from other source, the fund should be transferred automatically to the first failed beneficiary account. if the cheque issuer want to stop the payment, he/she can do the same but still the amount he/she cannot liquidate until they submitting minimum a notary public/ gazetted officer affidavit is necessery
1 0 Since the banks are the custodian of people's money and they earn huge interest from loans given to various people they need to reduce their charges for various services to less than half keeping in view that majority of the depositors are marginalized citizen with less funds at their disposal in banks. Am referring to the charges like cheque book issue, SMS charges to inform transaction, quarterly min. balance in account, payment to other credit cards and various others
1 0 Idea to Avoid ATM Theft/Murder. Since I couldn't type the entire content here, I have attached PDF and Image. Please go through it. Thanks, Praveen Chandramohan.
0 0 IN JANDHAN YOJNA BANK GIVES ATM TO THE CUSTOMER FOR INSURANCE,BUT MANY OF ILLITRATE,SENIOR CITIZEN DOES NOT MAKE USE OF ATM AND THEY ARE NOT TAKE THE BENIFIT OF INSURANCE SO,GOVT.SHOULD HAVE ALL THE INDIAN CITIZENS GIVE INSURANCE BEARING BANK ACCOUNT HOLDER,FARMER AND COMPALSARYY INSURANCE OF ALL INDIAN CITIZEN WITHOUT WITHDRAWL OF PAYMENT IN BANK VIA ATM RUPAY CARD
3 2 DEAR SIR,ALL AGRICULTURE LOAN INTREST SUBSIDY GIVEN DIRECTLY TO THE FARMER'S DIRECT BANK ACCOUNT TYPE OF PAHAL IN GAS SUBSIDY.BECAUSE MANY OF THE BANK REFUSE THE SUBSIDY TO THE FARMER IN AGRI.GOLD LOAN.SOME BANK GIVE THREE YEAR LOAN TO THE FARMER AND AFTER ONE YEAR THEY TAKE THE NORMAL INTREST INSTEAD OF AGRI.LOAN INTREST 4 % .PLEASE AUDIT ALL THE NATIONALISED BANK FOR SUBSIDY GIVEN TO THE FARMER ON GOLD LOAN INTREST.
0 0 Give customers to freedom of using banking services through mobile apps. Still smart mobiles might be out of reach for many but at-least should be privilege for those people who have them. Develop the mobile app which provide following banking services. (1) Quick transfer to another accounts (2) Instant check deposit (Take photo of both sides of check and deposit) (3) ATM/Branch Address Locator (4) Live account balance
2 2 Every transaction (even for 1 rupee toffee) must be through mobile-money-transfer/on-line/ debit card/ credit card/ smart card. Advantages will be- 1. no need to CARRY cash 2. zero cost to PRINT money 3. no FAKE money 4. no BLACK money generation 5. more TAX collection 6. no BRIBERY 7. more money in BANK ACCOUNT 8. no SOILED note 9. no problem for CHANGE 10. one SMART CARD for all bus/auto/taxi/train/metro ride. No chance of DADAGIRI by auto/taxi driver 11.more ease to DEVELOP INDIA
0 0 I will just say GOI should ensure that people dont have to wait for long just because Bank employees are discussing about IPL, Football and National Politics. Apart from these GOI should make use of digital platform more. Most of the times in SBI in Kolkata you will find that their is link failure. PSU bank can grow at much gretaer speed as they will get the help from GOI but they are unable to do so because of no new innovation from their side- new investment tools, attractive scheme etc.
2 1 Bank employees should get salaries according to central govt pay scales and there should be a transparent atmosphere for transfer posting and regulated working hours. It will motivate the employee to perform at his best. NPA is the biggest problem for this sector but if only the top 10 NPAs get recovered the amount will come down to 30-40%. An initiative is required from govt end to empower banking sector by helping banks in recovery of NPA.
1 0 In public sector bank people are get easy job those are reserve catagaory. They are not skilled and eligible candidate. They just get job because of qualified cretitera is easy. If govt stop such adimision it will help to govt were skilled and knowledgeble candidate will work.also govt should allow to open market recruitment for experience people......
1 0 Most public sector banks are very poor when dealing with debit cards related matters. They need to improve their debit card (ATM) mechanism. Cards do not reach on time, do not get codes, does not function.
1 0 Zero tolerance against non-payment of debt from corporates. No debt re-structuring. Time bound action on non-payment.
1 0 Like in private sector banks, -> individual incentives should be there for performance...especially for those who are in sales -> remove min service experience etc conditions for promotions -> every employee should be made responsible to good customer service. If proper service is not there, remove from jobs.
0 0 Continious to Mr.BHARAT DESHPANDE's suggestion... Banks should allow to save Term Deposit details also in Demat Accounts.
1 1 i have observed that Banks waste lot of papers in doing vouchers and I suggest  that there should be paperless internal banking. even FD certificates etc issued by bank should be only on net ( soft copy) and only if customer insist they should give paper copy. Nationalized Banks waste most of their paper stationery and kill time in writing vouchers again and again.
0 0 i hv messaged on 20.3.15 regarding NPCI's holiday policy. but there are no reply from your end. pl. do the needful sir. pl go thr the circular which is attached herewith. if India is a Hindu country then why dont NPCI includes the hindus festival as public holiday. If NPCI wants to curtail bank holidays then it should also cancelled the minorities holiday which is includes in NPCI holidays.
0 0 the problem with the public sector bank is they donot know where to go,neither there vision nor the mission is clear to its employess.
0 0 The performance of Public sector Banks can be improved through accountability for everybody involved including Auditors.Presently there is no accountability for auditors.Officers are only accountable in cases of  frauds but not for other willful lapses/acts/omissions. Undue interference in day to day working also harming Remuneration of Bank employees is low as compared the work load as well responsibility in comparison to private sector banks as well other sector public sector undertaking.
0 0 To improve PSB working, train policy implementers to cultivate a NO person rather than a YES person. Policy implementers should learn to differentiate between difference of opinion and defiance.It is the delivery staff that needs to be focused on.
0 0 We can find many locations in major towns and cities where ATMs of a number of banks are clustered within a small area that too on the main roads. This leads to 2 major concerns: 1. Wastage of electricity and money in maintaining these ATMs. 2. People parking their vehicles on the main road in order to access the ATMs thereby leading to jam and even accidents.
0 0 Following measures can help to improve the cost effectiveness, security, and reach of the banking services in India: 1. Instead of individual Banks installing and maintaining their own ATMs, a central agency must be established that will install and maintain ATM cum Cash Deposit booths (ACDBs) all over India. 2. This agency shall recruit the retired military & police personnels for the security of ACDBs 3. Post Offices, Police Stations, & Mobile Vans can be used to install ACDBs.
0 0 we heard that in upcoming year there will be huge vacancy in bank sector.. bt the age limit of these bank exam is 28 years for general candidate and other govt exam like rail ias etc is 30 or some case 30+ for general candidate.. so plz doing the age limit of these bank exam like ibps clerk sbi clerk from 28 to 30.plz sir plz. please sir help us . we want just one or two chance in our life for giving this exam as we already exceed 28 years. please help us .
0 0 Public sector banks are not opening SSY(Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana)account. Even after govt publicizing the SSY scheme and wants to build better future for girl child however the support system is not working. Banks still do not know what to do. Why do information flow for banks is so slow in case of Public Sector Banks? They need to act quickly and act in professional manner as private sector banks.
0 0 Loan account in the modernised Bank is still being operated in the old fashion viz fixed emissions to be served and if three emi overdue, account to be classified as NPA. In the era of technology,  the loan account must be a "Dynamic Model".  Fix number of instalments and EMI.  If any emi get overdue, a new emi for rest of the months will regenerate. Standing Instructions (SI) will also change. This will avoid instant conversion to NPA moreover, a relief to borrower.
0 0 ACcording to RBI every account holder is required to give KYC EVERY YEAR .lARGE NUMBER OF ACCOUNT HOLDERS HAVE TRANSACTIONS WHICH ARE LESS THAN 10 LACS IN A YEAR OR THEIR TOTAL ACCOUNT REMAINS LESS THAN 10 LACS . THEY SHOULD BE EXEMPTED FROM SUBMISSION OF KYC .CRORES OF POOR PEOPLE HAVE OPENED ACCOUNTS RECENTLY.TYEY ARE ALSO REQUIRED TO SUBMIT KYC REGULARLY . THE PRESENT SYSTEM HAS PUT UNNECESSARY BURDEN ON BANKS AND SMALL ACCOUNT HOLDERS RBI SHOULD REVIEW THE ENTIRE PROCEDURE.
1 0 i'm working in co-op bank @ Nagpur. we r facing major problem reg public holidays.National Payment Corp.of India (NPCI)has issued circular which is attached. NPCI has not sanctioned any hindu festival as holidays which is under NI Act. Festival holidays were sanctioned by our President under NI Act.1)Is NPCI is higher authority than President.2)If India is hindu country then why dont NPCI sanctioned Hindu festival holidays.Banks are closed on public holiday bt Clearing will be process.
0 0 We have lot of people working for Offshore Banks for quite sometime. Now we got a large amount of them who knows the Banking domain very well. Why don't we employ those people and they can help the PSU very well. They can support the work load and no backlogs would be there. When they support US/Europe banks why can't they support our PSUs?
0 0 It has been observed that some of the ATMs not functioning properly and the customer has to go to another ATM of different Bank where charges will be loaded for the transaction. Once, the Bank's are charging from the customers, it is their responsibility to keep the ATM working for all time. In case,if ATM found malfunctioning by a customer / public, the respective Bank must be Penalized If customer report a faulty ATM, his/her Charges paid to other Bank must be refunded
0 0 1. PSU banks are easy targets for bad loans. There should be strict guidelines and systems in place to avoid bad loans. Loans should not be given based on referral from any politician. It should be clearly on the merit of the project quality. This would ensure trust build-up in PSU banks. 2. You step into any PSU bank, it lacks basic decipline of bank. The bank employees should give respect to each and every customer and provide services at par with private banks.
0 0 #Interaction, For each bank there should be a representativies  called agents .the agents should be recruited through the bank onlyand he should be trustred …agent  go to  each and every customer house and get collect the cash /given money/give the details of bank schemes so that there is time saving for the customers ,customers need not go the the atm’s 	chances for the employment  to the men/women
0 0 All the Public Sector banks are performing well as the citizens of India still TRUST the public sectors banks instead of Private banks. Thats the main reason for the PSU Banks success. But as far as CUSTOMER SERVICE is concerned almost all are same VERY POOR.. the banks in the rural and village side, the way the employees treat the public is worst.  Training may be required to bankers in handling the customers as the private banks does. The young india needs timely service & good behavior.Tq
0 0 Employees should be well well trained about the term SERVICE and should have an option "FIRE ON NO PERFORMANCE." Employees in bank are very much reluctant as they know there is no punishment on their poor/weak/no performance.
0 0 Money is the tonic for good performance of a bank. In our country where we are battling with huge amount of black money,there should be a policy where by any body can deposite any amount in the bank with a nominal tax.There should not be formalities of income tax. This can lead to tremendous turn over of black to white money.Also the actual collection of tax will be way higher than what is it today.
0 0 Specially education loan for engineering education, next installment be released only after complete passing of previous semester. In engineering education, sheer wastage of govt money has been done on substandard students having numerous attempts pending but promoted to next semester and banks used to release next instalment without fully examining their pending attempts of previous semesters. ------------How will they be employable and pay education loan is serious for preserving public money.
0 0 we dont need so many psb's merge them & make them unifiedly reformed & if necessary take private bankers on board & make it performance oriented like private banks
0 0 Finance Ministry should think serious how to generate revenue from rural India and agriculture sector our farmers should be empowered and Banks should create a trust so that people should not be afraid of getting loan and trying out new things , my point is that banks should promote innovations in agri. and development of rural India by local ideas ,so local employment and entrepreneurship is boosted and talented and educated youths take projects to develop new ideas in agri and rural India
0 0 Banks in India needs greater reforms in order to move our country into forward directions , firstly banks should adopt our Indian practice not the global ones as our local needs are different and more diversified than any other country , Banks should lend money to framers and take initiative in farm sector for innovations and Banks should more concentrate on rural India rather than giving loans Urban or salaried people as India is country of villages.
0 0 Stop issuing paper slips from ATM machines . This will save paper and keep ATM booths clean . Charge for paper slips
0 0 all banks under the same set of rules ; then why so many psbs and so huge establishments; so many CMD, ED,etc? merge all PSBs under one roof place staff at par with international banks in terms  quality, standards and salary. recruit highest standards of staff. promotion policy should be to promote people with qualifications; present day bankers are from non matriculate to various bachelor degree holders of irrelevant streams such arts,science,litrerature; chamchagiris rule the roost
0 0 All the employees should get training for personality development. employees should have fear of being terminated from the job due to poor performance.
0 0 Public banking sector is poor interms of providing Internet Bank services and online security I would suggest to implement access to Bank and ATM using Debit card as access card, in which we can secure robberies and also track every account activity
0 0 I THINK PUBLIC SECTOR BANK IS NOT PERFORMING GOOD  AS COMPARED WITH PRIVATE SECTOR BANK. GOVERNMENT SHOULD TAKE CERTAIN STEPS TO IMPROVE PERFORMANCE AND PROFIT OF PUBLIC SECTOR BANK.
0 0 Indian Public Sector Banks official's are not performing their duties well. They are not time bound, come late on work. We should improve these bank performance by compete their counter part Private Sector Bank.
1 0 A Banks key activity is accepting deposits and Lending. Key to Lending is proper KYC Compliance of a Borrower(Individual or Firm). For Improving Performance following can be done 1) One KYC Compliance Platform Solution for accessing various information for arriving Lending Decision as per the attachment of PDF 2) Minimizing of reporting Procedures by a officer of a branch to his Regional Office and further Regional Office to Head Office as the same information can be fetched by using system.
0 0 Implement cast Quota System only on the basis of merit, not on the basis of only cast. Just to fill the quota don't appoint any less qualified person. Teach them how to handle the customer. CUSTOMER HI BHAGWAN HAI, aisa slogan ki jagah haqiqat me ho.
0 0 Give them monthly targets as Private Banks then they will perform.
0 0 1 to increase efficiency of staff introduce Fixed/variable(85%-15%)component in the pay structure on the basis of ACR review system.2 training to staff be provided off field 75% & onfield 25%.3 Lesser & qualitative supervision be done instead of numbers of inefficient formal inspections being done presently,which discourages the work attitude.4 Over crowding of branches at a place to be discourage as they increase unethical competence M & A to be expedited immediately now.
0 0 Main problem which I think, why poor people don't open their bank accounts in the Bank, is that, there is no help for illiterate people in the bank. Nobody is their to tell them how to deposit money, withdraw money, deposit cheque, use ATM etc. So, a bank executive in each and every bank should be their to help and train these kind of people and encourage more and more people to open bank account.
0 0 There should be roadmap for privatizing the public sector banks.  Government should hold stake so that in the long run can they can maximise the returns but the management should be given to shareholders and board. There should be equity sale to potential investors including institutional investors and Government should become minority / strategic stakeholders. Fresh equity should be raised from the market by the new strategic investors.
0 0 Public Sector Banks and private sector cannot open branches at all non-profitable areas, however banking has to reach but to all corners of the country. Financial intermediaries such as schools, post offices, NBFCs and Micro Finance Institutions should be enabled to act as intermediaries to provide basic banking facilities such as deposits, withdrawals, passbook entries. These intermediaries should be paid suitable commission.
0 0 Public Sector Banks while scruntizing an education loan should not have a critarea of co-applicant should get his salary thorough checks,because seeker of education load are the ones who are economically poor but skilled,co-applicant is economically weak thats why he's seeking for an education loan,co-applicant can be a daily base labour then how will he show salary slips,and just because he cant fullfill this criteria thier proposal is rejected,this is a reason for poor litteracy rate.
0 0 first i would say in goverment banking sector tecnologey working verey good but human being work verey badley. his behavior is verey bad  i want everey banking employee to respond verey honestey because in india maney people illitreate and poor and goverement take action fast.
0 0 Government being the owner of PSBs, should ensure carrying all its banking transactions, keeping deposits, borrowings etc. only in PSBs and not in Private Banks. PSBs are implementing social banking measures of Govt like opening Jandhan a/cs, extending liberalized credit to weaker sections, AGRI/MSME loans etc. at huge cost and borrowing at higher rates in money market. Pvt Banks mobilize funds from Govt and lending to HNIs/MNCs. Govt should deal only with PSBs/encourage public to use PSBs.
0 0 try and dissuade the customers from visiting the banks. across all the banks SBI has the best user friendly net banking software. net banking should be encouraged. today net banking there is a cost for funds transfer and for cheque transfer it is free "" rather strange"" when it should be encouraged
1 0 will improve the productivity of SBI and can be in Top 10 Banks in the world after the merger. SBI should be strengthened like Bank of China/China Bank. Most of the PSU Banks have land or office spaces which is under utilized either rent it out or use it for commercial purpose. They may have SME/MSME funding but they don't have venture funding entities/subsidiaries.  They need to take advantage of NRI community across the globe.
0 0 All PSU Banks are into fund based activities..and their fee based activities are very low compared to any foreign/private banks. With there reach and publicity and trust they can do wonders. They have skills & committed but lack conviction & direction. Per employee to per Branch productivity ratio is very poor. All banks should be allowed to borrow 10-15 years deposit from NRIs where they get tax exemptions this will help them to reduce NPAs. Merge all SBI associates with SBI will improve
0 0 The PSU Banks are grappling with NPA which is a big problem .To check the growing NPA being a Ex senior bank official i think the assets of retiring high official be checked if this fear will be there in their minds i am sure NPA will not increase. The main problem is at big ticket advances and i know they all goscot free and smiling making the bank poorer. Except for technical posts all promoted to scale 3 must have a working experience of at least 3 yrs as Incumbent in-charge before promotion
0 0 Study the customer oriented good practices of the Private banks like ICICI and HDFC. Immediately establish such things in public sector banks.
1 0 Public sector bank officials are not cooperative. They are arrogant most of the time.They should be given training of dealing with customers. In front of each official, there should be a "touch board" - "very good", "good" " not so good". IF the officers do not customer rating, they should not be given promotion or increment.
0 0 I have seen is one building complex more than 8 banks. Bank branches should be opened on need basis in urban areas. It is high time, loss making branches are closed. Bank branch is a business and there should be strict targets. Such branches should be relocated in an area, where there are no banks.
1 0 sir, if they correctly get repaiment from bussiness persons large amount will come back to bank. bank employees are very much opposed to resedule farmers loan,BUT what they are doing to BADA Defaulters, reseduling again and again without forcing on them to pay also give extra loan, what is it is it democracy, all are not equal in India. i feel all farmers should get loan in Banks and they should be given time to repay after crop will come.
1 0 Respected Sir, all the Bank employees should change their behavior,attitude about farmers bank employees are treating them as Null. that should change, should give importance to Farmers they are facing so many problems by the Bank employees, without farmers what they eat they are forgetting them. they give whole hearted unnecessary respect to industrialist, escapers, defaulters. very rudely they demand loan repayment and harass Farmer,damage their value in village if they cant pay amount in time
1 0 The performance of public sector banks will improve if they have information about the person. Government should build the economic profile of the person which can be used by banks to extend loans or other facilities.  It also helps government to understand the extent of stress in the system. The economic profile of the person should be maintained by a separate government entity and make information available for others. Also balanced scorecard should be developed for each of the bank branches.
2 0 Two of the excellent suggestions in this years budget are: 1. PAN card mandatory for real estate deals above 1 lakh. I request the Hon Minister to extend this to all real estate transactions irrespective of amount. 2. Credit mandatory for paying bills in five star hotels. I request the  Hon Fin. Minister to extend this to all payments in three star and above class hotels and clubs. Let me submit a few more suggestions to the Hon FM: 1. PAN card shall be linked to Aadhar Card.
1 0 post office Banks & Local Co-operative banks must be under PSBs as a customer. So transactions between them easy & reach remote places of India.Money transactions through Mobile & Internet should be arranged with ease & speedy. ALL CASH TRANSACTIONS MUST be minimised upto 5000/-.In the beginning M & I bank users may give some rewards & incentives for it & it control Black money & fake notes.
1 0 Public Sector Banks should come to the campus of Corporate companies to open the salary accounts.Currently in the MNC companies some private bank representatives are always available and some are available on the dates of the new employee joining days.And the corresponding private bank contact person details also provided by the companies.Not sure whether government banks are not interested in these kind of accounts or corporates are not interested in the government banks.This should be changed.
1 0 It will be nice if most of the business in the public sector banks can be done in a single window system like in the developed countries. For example, in India, for withdrawal of cash, one person will issue the "token", next person will enter details on the PC and the finally, the third person (cashier) will give the customer cash, these three process can be done in a single window with proper machine given to  employee. Use automated token system in all the banks to reduce congestion,
2 0 With success of Jan Dhan Yojna; I would suggest that every bank should start issuing Rupay Card (debit / credit) to every indian citizen and dependency on Visa/ Master should be low as this will make sure the commission which we pay to VISA / MASTER (foreign institution) will minimized
0 1 Banks ATM operational time can be limited, which helps in reducing the operational cost and slightly increase in profit margin.
1 0 The officials of public sector banks must improve their behaviour towards  the public. They act as if they are doing a favour to us whether it is disbursal of scholarship or withdrawal of our own savings. They are servants of public not master. It is very unfortunate.
1 0 Less paperwork, automation like private banks , one desk solution. these will help not only customers but attract commuter towards public banks and leads to improve their performance, in short, performance can be improve by giving performance, no short cut
0 0 Performance in terms of Service is discussed in my earlier post whereas in terms of profit to the bank will improved by 1. introducing some more fee based services like utility bills payments, Mutual fund SIP for any company etc. 2.The political influence like forcing banks to lend to substandard loans using political influence leads to increasing NPAs hence hamper the performance in terms of profit.3.Govt policy to follow the priority sector lending though the borrowers are regular in repaymt.
0 0 PSBs serve Masses whereas Private banks serves Classes,hence PSBs are service oriented whereas private banks are profit oriented. As PSBs are bound to give many other services to citizens for low fees viz challan processing, subsidies, other govt projects etc hence PSB are unable to serve this crowd better. SBI being the largest bank with largest no of ATMs still could not give the best service to all. Hence people are reluctant to get services from PSBs. Political influence is another reason.
0 0 To improve performance, separate subsidiaries should be established to manager different sectors of business such as credit cards, insurance business and other para banking activities, NPA management function, credit rating function etc so that focus of the bank should not be diverted, more efficiency could be deployed with professional management in this subsidiaries and will be able to provide better customer services.
1 0 The Recruitment of the Public Sector Banks must be done on a very systematic way. Exams must be held on a professional way so that the candidate with much professionalism gets through and not the people who have no sense at all. Bank employees must understand that they are appointed to work and the bank is not their personal property
0 0 The 1st thing the Concerned Government must do is the replace all the people working in the Public Sector bank with the new lot of more efficient and working people . I don't know about other state but please do the needful in the state of West Bengal. As per my experience and i have heard too from lot of people the employees of the bank dont want to work. They believe that the bank is the resting place for them. They come they sleep they collect their salary and go back
1 0 Recruit from campus interviews, When people don't get job they write Bank entrance exam. Since Bank privatization takes time & gets opposed, recruiting professionals,managers from open Job market can start inducing competitive people in to PSU banks. Often Government scheme wont reach needy as they have RBI guidelines,internal guidelines & Branch managers own guidelines. Some competent person/panel should study CGTMSE scheme story in detail. it alone will bring out best actions
0 0 PSU still need to improve a lot, I recently visited Bank of Maharashtra Sewree Mumbai branch for some society (Social) work, there was two working timing mentioned for Saturday and shutter already down before time. not only this when we have provided self attested ID proof bank manager & officer asking 4 original for verification, when we told that MODIji announced that self attested proof is ok, they simply denied and we have no option other than obey to bank order. What to Do???? Plz Advise
0 0 sir, we need to come up with new idea like BRANCH CUM ATM in which people can do all function through ATM.. function like Deposite amount, fill up pass book, deposite cheque etc...one more thing regards with Recruitment in bank..sometimes they hiring from manipal university sometime they hiring from IBPS...bank should stick with one only
1 0 Time bound assignment is good for public sector bank
0 0 1. Mobile Banking apps: All PSU banks should be given timeline for making moblie banking apps on par to private banks like HDFC or ICICI banks, rightnow they are crab piece of work. 2. All services should be online -- rightnow, if you make any query for loan on banks like PNB or SBI, they never revert to users. 3. Banking staff should be given training for politness to deal with public, they are just rude enough. 4. PSU Banks avoids loans to private sector workers
0 0 Indian Bank Legal Dept is very slow and take considerable time to deal with a simple matter
2 0 as initiative taken by the Govt. under JAN DHAN YOJNA, all citizen must have bank account and only one bank account in any nationalized bank..it will reduce transaction of BLACK money....as some time people use more than one PAN card without any notice of IT Deptt. And ADHAAR card should not be issued separately as DEBIT card id unique..it can treated as UNIQE ID...and all the information related o PASSPORT, DIVING LICENSE should be marged to the same DEBIT card..
1 0 Banks are nationalized for the common people, but nowadays it is far from the people. the banks attitude for give loan or helping people is ZERO. always banks never look-after for the common people. So please help them & save them from local lenders by giving loans
0 0 All existing ATM machines having considerable investment,  should be owned & run by a company under the RBI  and all bank  should have proportionate share. Thus under the same investment country can cater more geographical areas  without further investment in  ATM machines. In other words, same number of(existing) ATM Machines may installed at a minimum of 2 km distance instead some times same place is seen to have more than one ATM machines of different bank. Thus countries can serve more
0 0 Public sector banks can form a syndicate and share among themselves their space, resources, data, employees, reserves, foreign currency, security personnel and support staff. They can offer more customer friendly services including providing chargeable support in purchase, recovery, valuation, taxation and liquidating assets as per fair value, ensuring standardized process for the needy.
1 0 The most important ways to improve performance of Public Sector Banks is to change employees behavior culture and their attitude towards customers i.e. way of handling customers. Secondly creating them in the shape of private banks which creates them to grow and performance oriented.
0 0 Bureaucracy is the biggest disadvantage in public sector banks. This leads to closed way of thinking and does not allow innovations/customer centric initiatives/etc to come up. People are attached to their designations so much that they do not get a feel that their main purpose is to serve people. Just abolish the so-called designations. Even if it does not impact their remunerations, the difference it will create is that it will help in creating a new open innovative environment
0 0 Apart from this the major problem is that while everything is okay, the bank keep on providing all assistance to the business. But as soon as there is a slightest crisis, the bank immediately withdraws and backs off from any further lending. They have got their justification in not lending further. But if you look at the other side, it completely damages the entrepreneur and finishes off his industry.
0 0 The decision making process in considering any loan proposal (sanctioning / rejecting) should be made in a time bound manner. Excessive delay by bank in making decisions on loan proposals lead to cost over runs.
0 0 BANKS DO NOT GIVE FOREIGN STUDY LOANS TO BRILLIANT CHILDREN OF PARENTS THAT CAN OFFER AGRICULTURAL LAND AS COLLATERAL -STATE BANK OF INDIA - EVEN WHEN HIGH COURT HAS RULED THAT FARM LAND CAN B ACCEPTD AS COLLATERAL GEORGE FERNANDES VS STATE BANK OF INDIA HIGH COUT KERALA - HOW MANY STUDENTS OF FARMERS CAN AFFORD TO GO TO HIGH COURT- http://indiankanoon.org/doc/39266971/
0 0 In banks most of people put FDR name of female so no extra tax pay by earning money in banks remove the concept of 15 g form only sr citizen allowed If earning interest under the tax slab above that no 15 h valid. As people always used to give every bank 15 g/h form , we restrict to them only submit in income tax office not in bank.
0 0 Now A day our pm talked about black money for that I suggest that open a bank accno it self pan no or voter I'd or adhar card no so we can trace who have pan or not
0 0 There can be pilot projects be started for virtual banking in different branches so that atleast the basic functions be handled more efficiently.
0 0 Public Sector Banks can improve there work culture by passing the responsibility from branch manger to staff as toady in many branches the staff is not listening to the branch mangers because BM will go after three years and they are sitting the branch for many years.They dot talk to clients properly as they think branch is there  property.
0 0 Making RuPay card as the default debit card for new accounts. Now a days RuPay card has been adopted in most of the places and by this bank and it's customers will save arund 30-40% of transaction fee which is charged by VISA or MASTER. Since RuPay is a home grown system, we have to encourage and promote customers to go for RuPay card. The first step has to be taken by the bank where they have to issue the RuPay card as default debit card instead of VISA or MASTER during new account creation.
0 0 India  is living  in village--  Tap  assets  from  village  through  educate  &  give  improvement  Ideas  to  village  through  internet ,  engage  more  modern   banking  soft wares  , avoid  stress  & strain  of bank employee
0 0 i have an a/c with andhra bank n i m surprised to see that they have a gud net banking ,clean branch, effecient staff but they donot accept dvat n cst. this is a drawback due to which we all have to open a/c with any other bank. why andhra bank is not accepting such taxes either due to rbi policies or their own fault. pls try to give such basic facilities in all nationalised banks i suggest that all banks shud accept direct taxes n dvat n cst or gst easily n online
2 4 Privatize them, their performance will improve. Link officials salary with performance. NPA should have negative impact on appraisal of official approving the loan.
0 2 Transaction charge for online transactions should at par with American banks on the basis of PCI basis per unit money transacted. It is astronomical in Indian banks at present on the basis of Per unit money/PCI basis comparison.
0 4 Have experienced both PSU and Pvt banks. PSU bank officers enjoy more powers and are generally thoroughly corrupt. Loans are decided not upon project appraisal but on bribes paid or directives of Netas in return for promotions etc. Officers do not maintain discipline since they themselves are not desciplined. Service to customers is charged at astronomical rates. Correct project appraisal with severe punishment for bad loans sanctioned. Rigorous service charge at par with American banks on PCI.
2 2 Please find attached the suggestions of a regular Public Sector Bank customer.
2 1 i)  There should be only 3 tiers for sanctioning loans i.e., Branch, Regional Office & HO.  Having more number of intermediary layers leads to unwarranted delay.  ii) Concept of Credit Committees and Credit Processing Cells needs to be reviewed.  (iii) A Committee may be set up to study the various policies and procedures adopted different banks in sanctioning loans, discretionary powers for sanction at each level, uniform system of documentation, repayment period, time norms for sanction etc.
0 1 There should be specific time norms for sanction of loans at various levels.  Movement of proposal from Branch>Regional Office>Zonal Office>Circle Office>Head Office and return on the same route for replying queries takes considerable time.  More delay causes anxiety additional burden to the applicant due to cost escalation. Decision should be given to applicant within 30 days, irrespective of the level of the sanctioning authority.
0 0 a) Hon’ble Prime Minister’s policy of ‘Minimum Government, maximum Governance’ to be implemented in Banks since the No. of Senior Executives appears to be more in Banks compared to the business levels.  b) Cross Deputation of officers from other Banks should be restricted to 10%. At present over 90% of the Senior Executives (DGM & above cadre) in Associate Banks are from other Banks.  People from same Bank knows pulses of the area and Bank, needs of customers and can better motivate their staff.
2 0 Introduce 5 days a week banking and decent wage revision as it is affecting the health of employees and customers can also be forced toward tech-savvy products(thereby reducing cost and increasing rural penetration).
1 0 My idea is to form a PSU Bank Governance Board to consolidate operations, infrastructure, resources, technology for its participant banks and to offer services, products in a collaborative manner through all of its participant banks. Banks will continue to operate as independent body along with opting to be a partner to BGB, if they plan so. Details are attached.
3 0 As per the latest reviews almost all public sector banks are in high risk. Many who got the loan from the banks are not repaying the loan. Mainly the Big personalities and the Business mans. Many Diverting the loan amount and showing loss and not paying the loan by Monotorium or etc.... SO the banks should take the owners property even if the company is in loss. Government Should allocate the Education loan in the Budget, Should not force the Banks to give. As many are not get re-payed,
1 0 The present system of banking in India needs to be revamped and 3 types of banks needs to be created by consolidating / amalgamating the existing banks. Stringent laws and deposit information beaurea needs to be created for containing the rising NPA. Some core activities of banks should be outsourced to reduce the transaction cost and operating expenses. the training and transfer policy should be changed to increase the efficiency. Suggestions for this are given in detail in the attached pages
0 0 The present system of banking in India needs to be revamped and 3 types of banks needs to be created by consolidating / amalgamating the existing banks. Stringent laws and deposit information beaurea needs to be created for containing the rising NPA. Some core activities of banks should be outsourced to reduce the transaction cost and operating expenses. the training and transfer policy should be changed to increase the efficiency. Suggestions for this are given in detail in the attached pages
0 0 DISBURSEMENT TO PLANT SUPPLIER AGAINST PLANT & MACHINERY iii.	A visit to some customer of the supplier of plant and machineries need to be undertaken to understand the after sale service of the supplier, in case the cost of plant of machineries is more than Rs. 25 lacs from one supplier.
0 0 DISBURSEMENT TO PLANT SUPPLIER AGAINST PLANT & MACHINERY iii.	A visit to some customer of the supplier of plant and machineries need to be undertaken to understand the after sale service of the supplier, in case the cost of plant of machineries is more than Rs. 25 lacs from one supplier.
0 0 DISBURSEMENT TO PLANT SUPPLIER AGAINST PLANT & MACHINERY i.	A visit of the plant supplier should invariably be conducted where the cost of plant of machineries is more than Rs. 10 lacs from one supplier. ii.	During the inspection capability of the supplier need to be assessed. Copy of the bill for the similar type of machinery supplied by the supplier in past to some other company should also be obtained and kept on record.
1 0 SERVICES OF OUTSIDE CONSULTANTS i.	Allotment of Valuation, Legal, TEV, Stock Audit etc should be conducted by the controlling office through rotation amongst all the empanelled consultants. ii.	Accountability of outside consultants should also be examined in case the account turns bad. iii.	There should be provision of some Performance Bank Guarantee from the outside consultants to be renewed on annual basis. iv.	Renewal of consultants’ empanelment should be a regular exercise.
0 0 INSPECTION OF UNITS i. There should be instructions to get some photographs of the inspecting officer with the unit/ stock to ensure the inspection of the unit. ii.	Uniform Formats need to be drafted for the Pre sanction/ Post sanction Pre disbursement/ Post disbursement Inspection Reports. I can assist in drafting the same for the banks. iii.	Inspection of the accounts of one branch should be conducted by the officers of other branch, may be for accounts above Rs. 100 lacs.
0 0 It is desirable that they be imparted compulsory training programs at the induction stage as well as regular mandatory annual training hours there-after, annually for updating. Accordingly we propose the following training program may be introduced: SUGGESTIONS 01.	Induction programme for the First Time Independent Directors, immediately on formally joining the boards. 02.	Refresher programme for the existing Independent Directors for a minimum 15 hours per year.
0 0 Since the Companies Act, 2013 has undergone vast changes as to its composition; there is a strong need to apprise the existing Independent Directors with the new provisions and their implications relating broadly to the changed role of duties and responsibilities. Additionally it has also provided them sufficient independence to discharge their job without fear or favour. In view of the intricacies involved and to apprise them while discharging their duties as Independent Directors.
0 0 There should be some system of regular interaction /meetings of Board members with the senior executives of MOF and RBI for better understanding. I am of the firm opinion that this interaction will be very useful in controlling the increased NPAs in the banking system.
0 0 Banks are under pressure to contain NPA to the best possible. One way to reduce the NPA is  work hard for the recovery of dues. Other way is to extend additional loans either in same company or to some associate concern. The basic concept of System generated NPA is not followed in letter and spirit by the banks and manual intervention is involved in NPA identification. Delay in classification of assets adversely affects chances of recovery. System generated NPA should be followed letter & spirit
0 0 Contd.. v.	Disbursement without pari-passu charge vi.	Disbursement without proportionate promoters margin vii.	Many Pre-sanctions due diligence is left to the branch to be complied after sanction etc
0 0 It is my personal view that accountability is generally fixed up at comparatively lower level even in case of large borrower accounts. Though I am at the Board of a bank, I propose that accountability at the top most position i.e. till Board should also be fixed up for sanctions without the following basic conditions, in case the account becomes NPA:- i.	No Personal guarantee ii.	No Collateral security iii.	No Corporate Guarantee iv.	Disbursement without formation of Consortium ... Contd
0 0 PROFITABILITY OF BANKS The rate of interest etc. approved should never be lower than what would be applicable for a unit with a one stage lower risk (better) rating than which the unit under consideration is earning. In all cases of concessions proposed, a note on the cost- benefit analysis of concessions granted should be made mandatorily a part of the sanction note. We may come up with a Paper on the “Rational and Policy on Concessions in ROI and other Charges to Large Corporate.”
0 0 While discussing bank’s profitability, another issue which needs addressing is the grant of concessions in the interest rates, commission and fees to corporate. It is my experience that there is no laid down policy in most banks on grant of concessions. These are based mostly on the negotiating capabilities of the borrowers. In the race for business growth, banks tend to out-bid each other on concessions, which tendency is played upon by the applicant borrowers to their benefit.
0 0 Promoters Margin is very important. While accepting the promoter’s commitment for additional margin, the source should invariably be understood by the bank. The source of promoter’s margin should be supported by the documents. In case the promoters want to bring additional funds through sale of some of their personal/companies properties, the same properties should be kept by the bank as security, till the same are sold out and the funds are inducted into the business.
0 0 Promoters Margin is very important. While accepting the promoter’s commitment for additional margin, the source should invariably be understood by the bank. The source of promoter’s margin should be supported by the documents. In case the promoters want to bring additional funds through sale of some of their personal/companies properties, the same properties should be kept by the bank as security, till the same are sold out and the funds are inducted into the business.
0 0 Promoters Margin is very important. While accepting the promoter’s commitment for additional margin, the source should invariably be understood by the bank. The source of promoter’s margin should be supported by the documents. In case the promoters want to bring additional funds through sale of some of their personal/companies properties, the same properties should be kept by the bank as security, till the same are sold out and the funds are inducted into the business.
0 0 Promoters Margin is very important. While accepting the promoter’s commitment for additional margin, the source should invariably be understood by the bank. The source of promoter’s margin should be supported by the documents. In case the promoters want to bring additional funds through sale of some of their personal/companies properties, the same properties should be kept by the bank as security, till the same are sold out and the funds are inducted into the business.
0 0 I understand that some bank are sanctioning and disbursing very large value loans without understanding the end use of the same. These loans may be in the name of Mortgage Loan/ LAP etc. However, these funds can only be used either for the purpose of Ever-greening of bad loans or for the purpose other than the business purposes.No loan should be sanctioned by the banks without understanding the end use. Monitoring of end use is very important.
0 0 Cases where the account has become NPA and banks have sufficient  reasons to belief that the reason of NPA is diversion of funds, should  be immediately classified as wilful defaulters. In these types of accounts, no restructuring should be allowed.
0 0 To control DIVERSION OF FUNDS A special audit at the end of every month is required to be done by the bank, either internally or through outside agency, regarding conduct and transaction in the bank account. A detailed scrutiny of the bank account can through light on the diversion of funds on a real time basis than at a time when account goes bad. It is more important in today’s scenario of CTS.
0 0 To Control DIVERSION OF FUNDS Disbursement of term loan especially towards Plant & Machinery should be strictly as per the suppliers approved at the time of sanction, except with the approval of sanctioning authority.
0 0 To control Diversion of Funds A special audit at the end of every month is required to be done by the bank, either internally or through outside agency, regarding conduct and transaction in the bank account. A detailed scrutiny of the bank account can through light on the diversion of funds on a real time basis than at a time when account goes bad. It is more important in today’s scenario of CTS.
0 0 If it were to be officially read with a heart to do justice with the genuine issues of the banker then please do honour our requests which were promised salary hike par with central govt and 5 days working. Profit soared high but we are awarded with lots of additional work and our interest is always neglected. If we are nation builders then why we are not considered equal to govt employees. who are paid higher without any work/no risk/ no responsibility/ leave on demand etc
0 0 Government’s policy to open Bank branches in unbanked villages with population >2000 is welcome. But opening Branches in already banked centres needs a review. After RBI’s liberalized approach, 8-10 Banks have opened branches in many small Taluk HQs with <10000 population. Operation of more than 3-4 Banks in such centre leads to multiple finance to same party, shifting of possible NPAs to other Banks, unhealthy competition etc. Cost of operation and capital expenditure will also high for Banks.
0 0 Laws relating to land registration,deposit of title deeds to be totally reviewed. Borrowers know the loopholes in the different system adopted by States and cheating banks by availing loan from different Banks on same property. There shall be uniform digitized system throughout the country for mortgaging property, registration, noting in encumbrance certificate etc. Karnataka model appears to be ok. Mortgage/charge creation data to be made available to Banks in the internet like CIBIL reports.
0 0 People who know the regional language only be appointed in Banks. eg., over 90% of recetly recruited staff in Banks in Karnataka are non-Kannadigas. They have to interact with local people, understand their financial needs, market suitable banking products and satisfy their requirements. Customers and staff prefer to avoid each other due to communication problem.  This affects Business growth of Banks.  Selection for Banks should be made by forming State Level Banking Recruitment Boards.
1 0 Take the Banks away from Routine Jobs like accepting and giving cash in the branches by increasing ATMs & Cash handling machines so that Banking is available 24x7 for common people. Then Banks need to work only 5 days a week. Also, improve their wages since they handle a sensitive area like public money and they should not undertake any frauds or strikes causing problems to the economy.
0 0 The people should get the facilities, as the private sector banks provide. The bank officers should be friendly with the illiterate persons, and should make them to know to do their work. By providing self service for cash deposits in ATM, enabling the netbanking facility to access quickly than now, will reduce the work of the officers inside the bank. people should avoid to meet the banking officials, other than for getting advances for their needs, and grievances. Bankers should behave friendl
0 0 Continuation : ( 6 ) AT LEAST ONE or MORE BRANCHES OF EACH & ALL BANKS & ITS REGIONAL / ZONAL BANK BRANCHES SERVICING CUSTOMERS TO FUNCTION ON SUNDAYS / HOLIDAYS. ( 7 ) JUST LIKE OTHER BANK ATM TRANSACTIONS, ALLOW ALL BANKS TO MAKE TRANSACTIONS OF OTHER BRANCHES & OTHER BANKS ( Pls. link all Banks / at least PSU Banks to other Banks ). ( 8 ) ALL NEFT / RTGS TRANSACTIONS TO BE EFFECTED  & Cr TO OTHER PARTY BE CONFIRMED WITHIN 1 HOUR & INFORMED TO THE CUSTOMER / SENDER. ( 9 ) ALL BANKS TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY / ACCOUNTABILITY OF NET-BANKING TRANSACTIONS & ITS RECEIPT BY THE OTHER PARTY ( My Water-Tax payment to Copn.  by NET-BANKING was immediately debited to my a/c, but it was not received by them. Then, I had to run from pillar to post to my Bank & various Corpn. offices / Branch / Zonal Office / RO / Head Office, etc. & show print-out proofs.  My Water-Supply would have been DISCONNECTED, if I had not found it in time ). Thanks for giving we citizens the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. YOUR OFFICE / PMO FEEDBACK WILL ENCOURAGE US TO PARTICIPATE MORE IN THIS DISCUSSION / OPEN FORUM. Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 ( 1 ) PLEASE ALLOW TWO or MORE STRONG & HEALTHY PRIVATE SECTOR BANKS ALSO TO PARTICIPATE IN GOVT. SCHEMES / TREASURY TRANSACTIONS / PENSIONS / COLLEGE & UNIVERSITY FEES, TALENT EXAM FEES, etc.( Increase their standards / parameters through RBI-so that there is no / not much difference between them & SBI ). ( 2 ) IF POSSIBLE, INCREASE THE PAY OF STAFF TO MORE THAN THAT OF CENTRAL GOVT. EMPLOYEES ( as per their demand ) & MAKE THEM WORK ON SUNDAYS / HOLIDAYS & TAKE RESPONSIBILITY / ACCOUNTABILITY OF THEIR WORK. ( 3 ) MAJOR PART OF THEIR SALARY TO BE LINKED WITH THEIR PERFORMANCE / CONFIDENTIAL MONTHLY APPRAISAL / MONTHLY STAFF PERFORMANCE AUDIT. SUCH AUDITORS SHOULD BE FROM EXTERNAL AGENCY & TO REPORT TO BM, RM, ZM, CEO, etc. ( 4 ) WITHDRAW ALL CONCESSIONAL LOANS, EDUCATIONAL LOANS, HOME LOANS, TRANSFER ALLOWANCE / TRANSFER HOUSING, etc. ( 5 ) NET BANKING TO BE MADE 24 * 7 * 365 ( anytime banking ). Thanks for giving us the opportunity to share our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
1 0 Website of each Bank should be the prime source of customer literacy and grievance redressal mechanism. It should contain information needed for seeking any loan/other facilities like applications procedures/forms, eligibility terms, key conditions, facility to check status of sanction, option to apply online.All such information should also be available through FAQs.RBI or IBA may devise a list of minimum disclosure on website. Grievance redressal / tracking status/ escalation should be online.
1 0 Use of IT is largely concentrated towards transaction related uses. IT use in functions like Marketing and leads management, Early warning signal capturing and Recovery process, Audit function, offsite surveillance, Risk Management, Data Analytics,  Performance tracking and evaluation, Trainings etc is yet to be optimized. The Pvt sector banks are far ahead in these. All PSBs may either come together to evolve suitable framework to optimize IT use on each functional area or do of their own.
1 0 The performance appraisal system in the PSBs is very opaque and dose not serve the desired purpose. It should be made very transparent, objective and should be done on concurrent basis at   shorter frequency then annual basis.The performance of each official should be tracked/monitored on line as being done in pvt sector Banks which on one hand will improve operational efficiency and boost working culture in the PSBs on the other.
1 0 Corporate governance at Board level in the public sector banks needs qualitative improvement to manage the affairs of the PSBs effectively. Few measures in this direction may be as given in page 1 and 2
1 0 Role of mediators in Project/term lending as well as TEV for restructuring There exists a significant and deep rooted role of mediators in credit facilitation as well as TEV for restructuring. PSBs rely heavily on the project reports given by such agencies while appraising any project or term loan as well as TEV for restructuring. In order to make this system of intermediation in project lending and TEV for restructuring more effective and accountable, suggestion in page 1-2 may be adopted
0 0 PSU banks NPA & Capital requirement from Govt are interlinked. If  Govt initiate steps for improving NPA recovery & legal reforms including expediting DRT cases of high value amount, bank's capital requirement will be far less for growth of banking, economy & GDP.
1 0 we have different kinds of banks like Nationalised banks,government undertaking banks,gramin banks etc working separately.it is required to make them one entity either or allocate them defenate area to work.we may olso think about specialisation in banking sector like for industries,commercial establishments,agri culture sector  separate bank for each special sector.we need professional management in government banking sector.
0 1 Also banks & gov. shd ensure that pradhanmantri 'jandhan' yojna implented for janta public in true sense. We find many poor people living in slums like homemaids workers drivers havg pancard votersid adharcard not allowed to open accounts by banks..however inccertain banks if auditors check accounts in names of these people opened amt deposited n withdrwn without knowledge of these account holders who don't evn know they hav account. These ways sometims corruption black moneyconversion happening
0 1 It is v crucial for banks to handle & reduce their defaulters & nonperforming assets.. valuation of assets while credit sanction shd b done by atleast 3 valuers confidentially without disclosing to one another.. credentials of valuers shd b checked time to time.. Even while santioning OTS compromise same cheks shd b implemented.. V Obvious reason of willful defaulters are diversion of fund to their other companies created controld by them wid dumy directors..real control shareholders shd b chekd
0 1 Continue from last post.. timely credit to customers proper verification proper timely appraisal of loan, cc, credit customers can enable bank & customers both to overcome problems of defaulters & Nonperforming assets.. revival & debt restructuring shd not b used to windowdtess banks annual reports or to bail out big willful defaulters.. Banks shd have dept headed by suitable professionals to restrict diversion of fund by corporates, if reqd they shd lift corporate veil to restrict divrrsionfund
1 0 Motivate executives of nationalised banks by improving their perks & salaries & facilities so that they don't feel sevices of foreign banks with salary of nationalised banks.. banks net security system shd b strong to restrict fraud.. FDs maturity alirts shd go compulsarily by sms & email video conferencing to b improvd NPA management & recovery shd b improvd..Defaulters shd not b givn big compromises of amt coz OTS-compromise misused by many..credit approvals in time wid proper verification cn
0 0 NPAs of PSBs are increasing every year.  Inspite of clear guidelines for NPA Management, each Bank adopted its own strategies like enhancing loan quantum, compromise settlements, write off etc. to reduce NPAs. Wilful defaulters are taking advantage of such strategies, diversify Bank’s funds and ensure a/c remains NPA.  I suggest that the Govt should constitute a Committee to study the total gamut of NPA Management and offer recommendations to arrest NPAs/to initiate stringent recovery measures.
1 0 It was told in the Parliament that the PSBs have written off loans worth Rs 106170 crore in the last 5 years. This fact gives wrong signals to public. NPAs will further increase.  Provisions are made out of profits to protect Banks from NPAs and not for writing off of loans out of provisions. Recovery process goes to back seat once the account is written off. Banks should not be allowed to write off loans if the total dues of a single borrower exceed Rs.10.00 lacs backed by collateral security.
0 0 ( 1 ) MORE & MORE SALES AGENTS ./ SERVICE AGENTS / FRANCHISEES OF THESE PSU BANKS TO BE OPENED.( sales / service of PSU banks will improve, as they will work upto 8 p.m & on sundays / holidays ). ( 2 ) ALL NBFCs  TO BE PROMOTED / GIVEN BANKING LICENCE ( encourage many private players to enter, then only PSU Banks will give good service ). ( 3 ) NO STRINGENT CONDITIONS NOW. STRINGENT CONDITIONS CAN BE NOTIFIED LATER / AFTER ONE YEAR OR SO. ( 4 ) AFTER CONVERTING ALL NBFCs INTO BANKS, GIVE NBFC LICENCEs TO ALL LOCAL / REGIONAL / NATIONAL FINANCE Cos. / REPUTED INSTITUTIONS. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to give our views / suggestions. Shanmuganathan.B COIMBATORE ( TN ).
1 0 In case of partly secured advances, unrecovered interest on unsecured portion of the loan may be reversed, besides making provision on the unsecured portion as prescribed by RBI from time to time.In case the failure/irregularity continues in future too, the bank must dispose of the property at some point and adjust the loan liability. In this direction, I have been suggesting that banks must go in for “Mortgage by Conditional Sale” in lieu of “Equitable Mortgage by Deposit of Titledeeds” (EMD).
1 0 1.	How can NPA norms be uniform throughout the world? 2.	Suppose a loan turns NPA, but it is fully secured by immovable property the charge on which has been registered in the name of the lending bank.  In such case, instead of treating only the overdue amount as NPA, why shall one treat the whole liability in the loan account as NPA? This quantification of NPA is very, very important, because only on this value, income recognition  asset classification norms shall apply, not the whole amount.
1 0 Merger of banks would have been a better option for better performance and to avoid unnecessary compition....
2 0 Bank employees' suicides is a major point to be considered. The working conditions should be kept in mind while pondering them with newer and newer responsibilities and targets. A clerk, posted out of Home town is paid Rs. 15000/- and made to work 12 hours where as his counterpart in central government earns 35000/- who works 10 to 5. This is just an example. Please do have a look, you will feel sympathised for bank employees. Betterment of working conditions is the only solution.
3 0 Employees friendly Transfer policy will save cost on residence, Transfer allowances, various travelling expenses, no stress so less expenses on medical, near to house so more work, more profit for banks and more revenue to Govt, Banks can pay equal to CGE to their staff, We can attract investor at better price for share, add them in CPC no no union and we can cease the unrest created by union peoples. Recruitment can reduce cost as new employees salary is less than half they work more so better
1 0 1. Recruitment of staff, it will improve service, remove unemployement, new employees less costly so profit will also improve, at the one old staff cost 3 new staff can be recruited, they work 2 times more also, Salary should be hiked more than CGE as they were paid earlier so Talent will come to Banks and we can reduce NPA by proper follow up, Bankers need to compete with professional like CA/MBA/CS so better staff can come only when pay are more, in present pay structure more people are leavin
3 0 Merger is the need of the hour Reduce no of Head offices in PSB, in SBI four head office, so most of the staff are busy doing nothing and very less staff in branches, so less productivity, less profit less revenue to the govt. Less salary to employees and offices has made unrest in Banking industry,earlier Bankers were paid more than CGE or Civil servant, if not more they should be paid equal to them so more motivation more work and no corruption, that what CPC has done in 2 pay commissions.
0 2 Banks must have an SLA for processing requests. For example, opening an account - 10 mins, else the bank employee must explain the reason for the delay.
0 0 4-Govt should cross subsidize PSB, taxing Pvt Sector, for their services rendered under social welfare sector like financial inclusion and other priority sector lending. Public Sector Banks if used prudently can be proved a strong medium of poverty elevation, employment generation and empowerment of financially under developed and have not of society and prosperity of industrialist and the country. Presently main benefit of PSB is cornered by richer class of the society and resourceful persons.
1 0 3-of large ticket loans and sacrifice/loss to PSB, resulting in ill health of banks more provisioning and less profit. Political and administrative officers interference should be checked, strict penalties should be imposed on erring staff to improve customer service and judicious credit facilities to priority sector and common man of the country who are grossly ignored by so called efficient Private sector Banks. Private banks do not consider education loan ,DRI loan and other priority sectors
1 0 2-3-transparecy in Loan appraisal & sanction system to control NPA and stressed assets which is presently main reason of concern, NPA and other stressed assets is around 14% of gross assets.4-curtail Misc. expenses, perks and car etc to improve profit 5-collect capital from public, LIC and cash rich PSU. 6-PSB should be brought under CAG and role of syndication, middleman and consultants should be enquired who are main manipulators in managing large unreasonable loans and even restructuring
1 0 1-PSB are last hope of finance & prosperity for common man of the country and should be saved and improved at any cost. PSB are hidden treasure for Pvt Sector due to under valuation and large customer base, who are lobbying for privatisation of these Banks. PSB should not be privatised at all; instead radical reform needs urgently implemented - 1-Merger of all banks in 5 new named banks to save a lot of overlapping expenses 2-Rationalise & transparent top executives selection & staff strength
1 0 Presently short term working capital funds are granted through CC/OD with running account facility which is sanctioned for a year and is repayable on demand, but rolled over year after year even if conduct of account is unsatisfactory, making business perennially dependent on banks and ALM difficult for it. Businesses with working-capital-cycle (WCC) of more than 90 days turn NPA for remaining out-of-order for that period. Further, present term loans are repayable in instalments and surplus funds cannot be deposited in them as they cannot be withdrawn afterwards, and are kept in separate deposit accounts unnecessarily increasing their number, workload and cost. Customers lose interest and incur higher risk on idle cash, face hassles in satisfying various authorities about transactions in multiple accounts. Low credit turn-over increases number of time barred and NPA accounts.  Evidently, present system is costly and burdensome. Proposed remedy is clubbing of Working Capital and Term Loan facilities into one “Liquid Term Loan Account (LTLA)” repayable in instalments, with running accounting facility and all related traditional and e-products, without any rollover, which will be finally closed through instalments based upon cash generation. Operative Limit (OL) on reduction basis will be fixed as per repayment schedule and withdrawals be allowed subject to OL & DP. Benefits to –Customers  running account facility in TL with attached benefits like Cheque Book, Internet, Mobile & SMS Banking, ATM-cum-debit-Card, e-statement, e-payment of taxes etc.; better fund management & lesser interest burden as cash will not be kept idle; lesser tax burden as surplus cash will be deposited in loan accounts and will not earn interest income on deposits; reduced risk of loss of cash; relief from multiple accounts like SB/CA/TL/OD/CC and related hassles in maintaining papers and in satisfying various authorities about transactions in multiple accounts. Banks  better marketability of product due to running account facility; reduced costs and hassles from maintaining multiple accounts and related papers, reduced work load on CBS and staff; reduced transaction cost due to IT enabled delivery; no perpetual rollover of limits; improved credit turn-over and increased customer interaction reducing time barred and NPA accounts; availability of longer limitation period due to running account facility; order in cases of longer WCC relief from accounts turning NPA for remaining out-of-order because repayment will be fixed only based upon cash generation; improved income & profitability and reduced provisioning due to lesser NPAs; CRR & SLR requirements and DICGC commission applicable only when LTLA is in credit; CGTMSE/ECGC commission and Capital Reserve requirements on lower balance due to deposit of surplus cash in LTLA; restriction on deposit accounts with other banks. Regulator fewer accounts with lesser burden on the banking system, better monitoring and compliances, better financial results, productivity, profitability, efficiency and customer service; no yearend window dressing by un-availed credit limits put as deposits; lesser NPA and better CAR of banking system; stronger, slenderer and lustrous balance sheets of the banks. Sudesh Kumar Sudesh_kagrawal@yahoo.co.in +918861238780
0 0 Presently short term working capital funds are granted through CC/OD with running account facility which is sanctioned for a year and is repayable on demand, but rolled over year after year even if conduct of account is unsatisfactory, making business perennially dependent on banks and ALM difficult for it. Businesses with working-capital-cycle (WCC) of more than 90 days turn NPA for remaining out-of-order for that period. Further, present term loans are repayable in instalments and surplus funds cannot be deposited in them as they cannot be withdrawn afterwards, and are kept in separate deposit accounts unnecessarily increasing their number, workload and cost. Customers lose interest and incur higher risk on idle cash, face hassles in satisfying various authorities about transactions in multiple accounts. Low credit turn-over increases number of time barred and NPA accounts.  Evidently, present system is costly and burdensome. Proposed remedy is clubbing of Working Capital and Term Loan facilities into one “Liquid Term Loan Account (LTLA)” repayable in instalments, with running accounting facility and all related traditional and e-products, without any rollover, which will be finally closed through instalments based upon cash generation. Operative Limit (OL) on reduction basis will be fixed as per repayment schedule and withdrawals be allowed subject to OL & DP. Benefits to –Customers  running account facility in TL with attached benefits like Cheque Book, Internet, Mobile & SMS Banking, ATM-cum-debit-Card, e-statement, e-payment of taxes etc.; better fund management & lesser interest burden as cash will not be kept idle; lesser tax burden as surplus cash will be deposited in loan accounts and will not earn interest income on deposits; reduced risk of loss of cash; relief from multiple accounts like SB/CA/TL/OD/CC and related hassles in maintaining papers and in satisfying various authorities about transactions in multiple accounts. Banks  better marketability of product due to running account facility; reduced costs and hassles from maintaining multiple accounts and related papers, reduced work load on CBS and staff; reduced transaction cost due to IT enabled delivery; no perpetual rollover of limits; improved credit turn-over and increased customer interaction reducing time barred and NPA accounts; availability of longer limitation period due to running account facility; order in cases of longer WCC relief from accounts turning NPA for remaining out-of-order because repayment will be fixed only based upon cash generation; improved income & profitability and reduced provisioning due to lesser NPAs; CRR & SLR requirements and DICGC commission applicable only when LTLA is in credit; CGTMSE/ECGC commission and Capital Reserve requirements on lower balance due to deposit of surplus cash in LTLA; restriction on deposit accounts with other banks. Regulator fewer accounts with lesser burden on the banking system, better monitoring and compliances, better financial results, productivity, profitability, efficiency and customer service; no yearend window dressing by un-availed credit limits put as deposits; lesser NPA and better CAR of banking system; stronger, slenderer and lustrous balance sheets of the banks. Sudesh Kumar Sudesh_kagrawal@yahoo.co.in +918861238780
1 0 Scan copy of cheques instead of physical cheques for clearing for net banking account holders Net banking account holders are presently only making all payments and transfers themselves. For clearing physical cheques are presented in bank for scanning and processing it for clearing. Submission of scanned cheques should be allowed for clearing. This will reduce unnecessary paper work, visit to the bank and work load of bank too.
0 0 Dear sir in order to improve functioning of banks I think government should cease position of clerks
0 0 Loan Application status tracking:To make the loan processing more transparent and to minimize possibility of malpractices in this process, an online Loan application status tracking system should be introduced in PSBs. This system will result in generating an acknowledgement number to be given to applicant mandatorily and the applicant can view status of loan application online any time from any where on internet.Public grievances and delay in disposal of loans will reduce to bare minimum
0 0 Suggestions for effective credit appraisal and monitoring of corporate credit-PSBs are facing a serious problem of large accretion to their NPAs which is a cause of serious concern on functioning of PSBs. On analysis of root causes of high NPAs, the main reason attributable is poor quality of credit appraisal and monitoring in PSBs. The suggestions/ approaches suggested in page 1 to 8 can go a long way in improvement in credit quality and arresting further accretion to NPAs in years to come.
1 1 Bank should employ field staff for opening account.
0 0 The PSBs should act more professionally in terms of expenditure.The internal audit should be qualitative.A third party performance appraisal team should be there to scrutinize the overall performance alongwith NPA.Expenditure limit should be fixed on every year on the basis of performance,both quantitave and qualitative.Expenditure incurred by branches in excess of that certain limit must be duly authorised from proper superiors after rigorous scrutinizing and considering its reasonableness.
0 0 PSU banks are facing vicious circle of NPA and to ride off it we should focus:- - To bring transparancy in the working of DRTs and DRT cases of loan amount more than 10 crores pending for more than 6 months be heard on daily basis and must be decided within maximum period of 8-9 months. - loan mela and loan budgets be discarded. transparant & centralised system be adopted' - Staff accountability policy be reviewed for encouraging decision making.
0 0 Political and administrative officers interference should be checked, strict penalties should be imposed on erring staff to improve customer service and judicious credit facilities to priority sector and common man of the country who are grossly ignored by so called efficient Private sector Banks.These banks do not consider education loan ,DRI loan and other priority sectors.Govt should cross subsidize  PSB ,taxing Pvt Sector, for their   services rendered under Jandhan and other priority sector
0 0 NPA and other stressed assets is around 14% of gross assets.4-curtail Misc. expenses, perks and car etc to improve profit 5-collect capital from public, LIC and cash rich PSU..PSB should be brought under CAG and role of syndication, middleman and consultants should be ensured be enquired who are main manipulators in managing large unreasonable loans and even restructuring of large ticket loans and sacrifice/loss to PSB,resulting in ill health more provisioning and less profit.
0 0 PSB are last hope of finance & prosperity for common man of the country & a hidden treasure for Pvt Sector due to under valuation. PSB should not be privatised at all; instead radical reform needs urgently implemented - 1-Merger of all banks in 5 new named banks to save a lot of overlapping expenses 2-Rationalise & transparent top executives selection & staff strength 3-transparecy in Loan appraisal & sanction system to control NPA and stressed assets which is presently main reason of concern,i
0 1 Our government needs Expenditure management which is like saving money is earning money, desperately needed for development and various schemes. First of all, we need control/rationalise expenses/perks of Government departments, Political Leaders and PSU, including BANKS, INSURANCE COMPANIES etc To start with immediately withdraw cars facility to all PSU & PSB officers, except few where it is essentially needed as a part of their routine field  duty ,it will save 1000 cr +per month..
1 0 10.All SBI Sister Bank being on Same Platform and using Parent Brand is easier to merger at one go with SBI. 11.Human Resources of Merger entity should be managed in way least difficult for Employees. 12.Pay grades of merged Banks should be same at par with all Banks including of SBI However PRP Payments  should be linked with Bank Profitablity. 13.Only after merger the True Value of PSU Bank will emerge.
0 0 6.All Small PSU Bank should be merged at a time with Big Banks to minimize Loss/delay of Bringing Value In Big Banks 7.Banks having strong Brand Value like BOB, PNB, Canara, BOI, Union Bank of India should be frontrunner in accquiring Small Banks . 8.Banks using Diffrent System Platforms i.e finacle, baancs, FIS  should be kept in mind before proceeding for merger. 9.Week Bank Like United Bank should not me merged till such time it becomes profitable or BankWorthy.
1 0 1.PSU Bank Grossly Undervalued comparing the peers. 2.A Strong PSU Bank with High Brand Value can lead and equaly compete with Private Sector/ Global Peers. 3.All PSU Bank except SBI Group lack a Global Respected Brand and needs to be merged to created 5 large banks. 4.Need to create 5 major International Global banks excluding SBI group. 5.All PSU banks need to be merged into 5 banks in such a way the Branch Distribution are evenly all around India with minimum overlap.
0 0 1.Redefine the priority sector lending. Provide exclusive benchmarks for each activity depending upon their area of operation. Let the banks to come up with their own benchmarks. 2. Provide incentives to the performers and punish those who are not upto the expectations. 3. All the ground level data must emerge from Core Banking Solution data only so that there is no manual maneuvering 4. Give equal importance to loan recoveries. NPAs in govt sponsored programmes are very high.
1 0 Stop using Public Sector banks to finance crony capitalist businesses. That's the real source of NPAs and non-performance. Please show that this Govt is different. Expose all such deals from the past.
0 1 Public Sector banks should must cooperate like family members for their development in rural areas..as  when people will feel they are respected they will not default willfully
2 0 Sir not a single FIR has been filed against large borrowers upward of 100 crore who have defaulted while small people have been harassed by PSBs such actions distroys credibility of good governance of goverment. Sir people are watching every move of your goverment.
1 0 Free all PSU banks and Regional Rural Banks from pressures enabling them to go by merits alone. At district places even local dons, political leaders and bureaucrats may pressurize them for favours for themselves and their favorites.The same is true of other levels including the top. Then make them accountable for NPAs due to any deliberate lapse, delay or undue favor. Rope in the Trade Unions and Officers Associations for a policy of hire and fire, after building social security.
0 0 All PSU banks to be studied and select banks to be merged. Compensation & organisation structure to be  reorganised on the lines of corporate banks. Completely eliminate the concept of grade pay etc. Performance appraisal system similar to private sector banks to be followed. Tenure of Chairman / MD to be at least 5 year and selection criterion to be free from political interference and 100% transparent. Push for technology usage so as to reduce requirements of manpower.
0 0 Public sector bank can improve by studying case study how private bank success.Employee should be customer friendly.There should be a little win win tolerance on loan sanction like other private bank as poeple prefer private bank due to less paper submission or after passing of loan customer can give some papers.for example to take home loan pople working in private firm can fastly sanction loan from private bank compare to public sector bank.The public sector bank needs to fast processes.
3 0 If bank denies any loan then customers have any places where he can complain, like head office of bank, district magistrate, lead district manager etc. There you can complain without having any valid proof and document. But what a banker can do if a borrower simply refuse to pay his EMI or outstanding amount with a simple reason that I dont have enough money to pay my outstandings? Why does in such cases any LDM, DM, or any politician intervein? Please think on it to stop esconders..
0 0 Reduce political interference in selection and working of Banks. Amalgamate two or more banks to improve scales of economy. Ask banks to recover loans instead of restructuring. Bring in more technology but common to all banks. Let all banks shift to Rupay Cards to reduce costs. Mastercard / Visa Debit cards be issued on Higher charges to customers. Motivate use of mobile money transfers to reduce costs.Reduce govt holding to just 51%. Option of issuing ESOPs to employee will motivate them better
0 0 Dear Sir, the Jan Dhan Yojna is proving to be painful for the poor people in my district Bareilly. A Public Sector Bank is charging Rs 50 just to give the Passbook to the applicants. Kindly stamp down strictly on these practices in your pet schemes. Or else, the scheme which is supposed to help the poor will end up causing him loss.
1 0 Improve speed of technology in PSBs especially in rural areas, even with less man power this will speak.  In PSBs Transfers to be made mandatory for substaff also. Fixing responsibility to officers only,if there is no barrier when they go for recovery or they should be given power like income tax officials for the letters sent by them or the ack of debt which is being taken once in three years is to be removed, to say loan taken to repay only, and the word SUBSIDY to be removed from INDIA.
0 0 Public sharing of information on all good and bad loans above 1 crore including names of those availing loans and approving officers and return status.
1 2 1) Compare volume of work done per person in Public sector Bank vs. Private sector.  There is huge inefficiency in PSB 2) The token system started in SBI should be stopped. I noted the number of customers serviced are reduced and waiting time for customer increased due to token system. 3)Target time to serve a customer to be defined as PSB staff takes more time to serve a customer rather than Pvt. Bank for same type of work. 4) Actual Lunch time spent by PSB staff is more than 1 hour. Pl. check.
0 0 1st & foremost: Introduce VRS and get rid of inefficient staff who will never change. New recruits must be hired with 'performance clause' in their appointment letter. Train them teaching that people they server are their 'customers'. Rotate staff amongst branches and in different roles, so that they don't find time to discover loopholes to do corruption and don't become roadblock in process. Introduce concept of flying squad to check efficiency and customer services of staff in Rural area.
0 0 Charge common man for each and every transaction he makes with the bank. It should be up to 10% of the money. Rob the ATM users in name of security. Make service charges more.
0 1 gradually de-nationalise public sector banks, as during last 40 years, these banks have only served the personal interests of politicians and officers, not the general public.
0 1 Introduce money card system -on all trading at low profile to high profile business systems to reduce physical transactions of money and to improve operational efficiency alongside better transparency on all ecossystem
0 0 remove the clause of job guarantee for the employees in public bank sector, most of the employees in public sector bank act very lethargically as they know they cannot be sent home they work as tho they are doing favor for the customers
0 0 Indian PSU Banks capture all most 70% of Indian banking industry, but are fast loosing there share to Private New age Banks. The increasing trend of NPA and Restructured assets of PSU Banks is cause of worry and debate. The table given below gives comparison between the PSU and private banks and seeks to explore the possibilities to improve the overall condition of PSU Banks. The parameters which are taken into consideration focus upon Retail Banking operations
0 0 The HR in public sector banks is rotten at every level. While other sectors of the economy have an enabling HR, PSU bank HR concepts still live in 1950s and 1960s and hence face the following 2 problems - old timers are interested in their pension and benefits new timers are interested in hopping to the next big packet job. HR is the basic ill of the PSU banks today. Govt. being majority shareholder may intervene and initiate PERFORMANCE BASED PAY for better PRODUCTIVITY and EFFICIENCY.
0 0 Pls change Audit system in banks. Because, Auditor never gives good rating for good customer service or  how much profit they have earned but how neatly n beautifully the registers are maintained in this era of computer. secondly, either stop forcing PSBs to distribute loan under Govt Sponsored Schemes or ask all private banks too for this. How govt can force PSBs to give loan under GSS only giving part of it as subsidy. After all these loans are not to repay as general public believes.
0 1 1) Political interference in loans and advances has to be stopped for better PSU banking 2)  willful defaulters  assets to be taken over with out delays 3) npa should be monitored closely and officers sanctioned should held accountable for npa
1 1 Banking is a great tool that can play a major role in solving India's biggest problem, i.e. widening gap between Rich and Poor. Banks should strictly implement the government policies and orders whatever are there. If government has taken a decision, made a policy and issued a government order means, they have taken the all the views into account, and gave the order. But when you go to banks, each bank or manager talks something of their own. For example, Education Loan. Govt says no need of III
1 0 Please issue electronic receipts on deposits  of amount in the banks.
0 0 SHIFT JAN-DHAN YOJNA ---- FROM PUBLIC/PVT. SECTOR BANKS TO -POSTOFFICES AROUND THE COUNTRY.......AS KYC IS MANDATORY FOR THE BANKS-- WITH LOT OF EFFORT IT WOS DONE STREAMLINED-----
1 0 GOVT. MUST DEVELOP THE POSTOFFICES  around the country for transaction below Rs2lacs.  Hence schemes like JanDhann Yojna must be shifted to Postoffices and not the Banks. This will reduce the work-loads+ rush in Public sectors banks PERFORMANCE OF BANKS WILL --- FALL FURTHER--- IF JANDHAN YOJNA  TYPE OF SCHEMES --WHERE KYC --FORM NOT NEED IS IMPLEMENTED.. KYC MUST BE MANDATORY FOR ALL THE ACCOUNTS OF PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS.
1 0 5. If CMDs and board members are made accountable, it will reduce the sanction of bad loans. 6. Too much reliance on technology service providers to be reduced and bank should recruit more IT professionals to handle technology issues. 7. More basic technology related training is required to front end staff to cope with the current technological advancements
2 0 1. Banks should stop selling Life and General Insurance products,Mutual funds etc. They should only concentrate on their core business. 2. Banking Pay commission similar to Central Pay commission should be established and it should deal with the pay requirements of the bank staff. 3. Officers service regulations-1969 are outdated and should be amended in tune with the current technology driven banking 4. CMDs and Board of directors should be made accountable for bad loans sanctioned by them
0 0 ( 1 ) LIST OF ALL WILFUL LOAN DEFAULTERS / LOAN DEFAULTERs / NPAs, etc. TO BE PUBLISHED BY BANKS EVERY THREE or SIX MONTHS. ( 2 ) MANY NEW BANK LICENCEs TO BE GIVEN. ( 3 ) NPA-ASSETS OF BANKS ( Repossessed / confiscated / attached by Banks ) TO BE SOLD IN AUCTION WITHIN 3 or 6 MONTHS OF RE-POSSESSING, etc. ( 4 ) ALL GOVT. ENTITIES / ORGANISATIONS TO HAVE ACCOUNTS IN PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS ONLY. ( 5 ) GOVT. TO APPOINT MORE FRANCHISEES / AGENTS OF PSBs  ( FOR SERVICES ON EXTENDED OFFICE HOURS, SUNDAYS & HOLIDAYS ). ( 6 ) GOVT./ RBI TO ALLOW, ALL ON-LINE TRANSACTIONS ( especially within the same Bank / Branch ) ON SUNDAYS / HOLIDAYS ( some transactions to take effect on next working day ). ( 7 ) GOVT./ RBI TO AUTHORISE MORE & MORE SURPRISE / SUDDEN AUDITS, FIELD VISITS / AUDITS, etc. ( these audits need not be accounts based alone ). SUCH AUDITORS TO REPORT TO AT LEAST 5 COPIES ABOVE BRANCH MANAGERS. ( 8 ) BIO-METRIC ATTENDANCE TO BE INTRODUCED BY ALL BANKS WITHIN 2 YEARS. Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 The SBI may strengthen its grievance cell and promptly address customer complaints within 2-3 days. Online complaints should reach branch manager and the centralized cell for proper accountability.  For any negligence, responsibility be fixed. Similarly, the bank may seek feed back from its customers. Such interaction with customers be adequately  followed up as well
1 0 With enough govt business in hand, the SBI staff is reluctant to individual customers. Hence, the govt may consider decentralization of its business among public sector banks. The SBI may also decentralize its business maintaining proper accountability and time schedule. Too much formalities be rationalized. A customer having different accounts may furnish only one KYC. At the initial stage, young officers be posted at different counters for 5-7 years to gain practical experience.
1 0 Why banks going on strikes frequently, but government unable to do anything?
1 0 There is huge shortage of staff in these banks. And moreover to add to our woes, the people who do not know the local languages are placed in branches, who could not understand what we say and there is absolute mis communcation.Please place only native employees in branches. Sufficient staff are needed to handle the rush. These PSBs are often opening new branch with 2-3 staff. Please ensure sufficient staff who speak local languages.
1 0 no branch should deal with advances,there should be a separate wing for that,so that the fear factor of branch managers will reduce,and they will concentrate on customer service,which will increase customer satisfaction,and reduce operational cost in al branch premises
0 0 Most of the large defaulters are highly influential persons.Unless the banks are asked to deal with them effectively there will be no progress.Willful defaulters should not be allowed to drag on the case. sanction of loans based on permissible/eligible parameters is easy.Expertise is required to monitor disbursements and supervise implementation schedule.If Bank.s due not have expertise,competent expertise may be outsourced.
1 0 The NPAs in public sector banks is more than 200thousand crores.When CMD and Eds are well experienced bankers and the board consists equally experienced officials from R.B.I and Govt and representatives of officers and workmen,the reason for such  huge NPAs has to be investigated.First Arrest further growth in NPAs.then look for reasons.Hon.Minister may call the chairmen under whom the NPAs have grown and find out reasons for deterioration.Not to punish them but to learn lessons and take remedie
0 0 TO  –   PARLIAMENT  OF  INDIA  --   dsleg@sansad .nic.in SENT TO -- FEDERATION OF INDIAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY --  FICC I @ FICC I .COM -- SENT  TO  -- GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF  UNITED  NATIONS  --  DGACM-Feedback@un.org SENT TO – MINISTER  FOR  FINANCE -- ANDHRA PRADESH -- pfs_fin@ap.gov.in SENT TO -- UNION MINISTER FOR FINANCE -- GOVERNMENT OF INDIA -- JSBO@NIC.IN ... SENT   TO   --  INDIAN  OVERSEAS  BANK  ,  A  GOVERNMENT  OF  INDIA  UNDERTAKING  BANK . SUBJECT -- INCLUDE APEX OFFICE IN ADMINISTRATION NET WORK , MINISTER OF FINANCE IN NOTICE BOARDS IN GOVERNMENT OF INDIA UNDERTAKING BANKS SIR , IN ALL THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA UNDERTAKING BANKS  BRANCHES  ALL OVER INDIA IN ALL THE STATES THE LOCATION  AND  ADRESS OF ONLY THE HEAD OFICES  IS GIVEN IN THE DISPLAY / NOTICE BOARDS , BUT THAT OF THE APEX OFFICE IN THE NET WORK OF ADMINISTRATION , DEPARTMENT AND MINISTRY OF FINANCE , GOVERNMENT OF INIDA AND  REGIONAL AUTHORITY  MINISTER OF FINANCE GOVERNMENT OF ANDHRA PRADESH STATE  GOVERNMENT   IS NOT FOUND IN THE NOTICE BOARDS . THIS IS CAUSING  LOT  OF CONFUSION AND TROUBLE TO CUSTOMERS , SO PLEASE INCLUDE THE ABOVE SAID   INFORMATION   WITH   CONTACT ADRESS   IN   NOTICE   BOARDS FOR   CUSTOMERS AND  CITIZEN . THIS WILL HELP CUSTOMERS  TO  HAVE  BETTER ORIENTATION   AND MORE  PROPER  AND  PERFECT  GUIDENCE   AND   HAVE ELITE CODE OF CONDUCT  AND  MAKE   USE OF SERVICES IN BEST POSSIBLE WAY MANY  OF  THE  GOVERNMENT  OF  INDIA  BANKS  HAVE  BRANCHES  IN  MANY  FOREIGN COUNTRIES   . THIS  MESSAGE  IS  SENT  TO  THE  NOTICE  OF  UNITED  NATIONS  . PLEASE GIVE REPLY V . MAHI DHAR B SC ( AGRI )  ,  PG DBM , PG DFMT  , MARINE  ENGINEERING E MAIL   vmahidhar@ymail.com
0 0 like withdrawal of money ATM machine is available everywhere but deposit the amount in nationalized bank account still headache in urban city this problem is very much. so alternative for deposit amount in cash must. like ATM machine must in the urban city for deposit the cash amount. in bank it is very time consuming process.
0 0 The Banks run by Benefit funds like RBF in Tamilnadu, has ruined the life of many hard earned money of public. Many retired persons deposited their terminal benefits in that Bank and when the bank sunk,and legal action was taken, it was found by  the authorities that large amounts were given to binamis of some politicians without proper security and there was not sufficient fund to return to depositors. For reasons best known to God, that even Immovable properties were not sold.
1 0 Generally the Cooperative Banks are controlled by State Governments concerned and intrusion of  politicians has spoiled the functioning the banks profitably.
0 0 General opinion of public is that private Banks function better than PSBanks. They (even lady staff) sit late and finish of their job.  It is better privatise the PSBs. Even the functioning SBI is not on par Private Banks. However, the private banks could not  function freely and chalk out their style of policies, because of the control of RBI even in day to day actions.
1 0 I have been working in in Nationalized Bank for last 40 years. During first 10/15 years, I felt that we were best paid officers. But, the position deteriorated and today we are the worst paid officers compare to the other industries. In today's competitive and highly technical environment best of the talents are required, especially in view of large scale retirement. I firmly believe to attract young generation, it is imperative to offer them comparable pay package to avoid high attrition ratio.
1 0 Govt Loan should be given to Banks by removing Govt dept interference. Bank should build house for employees so recurring expenditure can be saved on Lease rent. Transfer should be within state closer to house so HRA and Rent can be saved for better profitability. Removal of so many controlling offices so thousands of people can be put to operation. One head office is enough to control the work when so many IT enabled software used by Banks. Single softwrae for all work. Better pay & Perk needed
2 0 Recruitment of more employees for better service. Merger of regional Banks to create central Bank. Salary should be with RBI structure to make it corruption free or link it with Central pay commission. As PSB do social Banking so budget system in PSB should be stopped else advancing decision should be strenthen. No frequent transfer to people working in Credit. Performance based salary. 5 days business day for more rest seeing the stressed nature of work. Employee friendly transfer so no rent
0 0 Recruitment of new staff so reduction in cost more volume of work and reducing the un employement. More lengthy stay for Loan handling people so Banks should not be decited by the clever public. Less transfer less cost on banks and more awareness of Local People. Transfer in home state only so language problems can be avoided. Banking should also be attached to Central Pay commission. Officer salary should be more than clerk working under him/her. Ladies should be given transfer near to her hous
0 0 No competition from Pvt Banking as they do social Banking. Record of people who availed benefit under Govt Sponsered scheme as same people availed benifit from different dept being the influential family in the Village. Banks should be given selection rights for govt sponsered scheme. New Regulation for making Wilfull defaulter criminal offence so NPA can be reduced. Police support in recovery process to reduce the NPA. Employees friendly transfer policy to reduce the cost of Lease expenditure
1 0 1. Regulated Business Hours. 2. Salary par with Govt/ Private to minimise corruption.3 Bring Banking under central pay commision 4. Performance based salary. 5 days week like west and central govt for better health management. Keeping their family together by building house for family and saving billions of ruppees and Lease rent. Removing Zonal offices and Local head offices, 2 controlling offices 1 at Regional Level & 1 at Central Level. Giving autonomy for deciding salary of their employees.
0 0 PSBs are compared with private banks without providing them the level playing field to them and without discounting for their legacy issues, being old in the field. Performance of the banks be compared separately for their Indian Operations and Foreign operations, separate balance sheets be prepared for commercial operations in India and abroad as well as for social welfare govt. directed operations. It will help in analysing the real root cause of the problem and to properly address it.
0 0 The unhealthy competition amongst banks  which is only enriching the already rich people , be immediately stopped. All branches of the bank should not be asked to do all activities. More focussed approach is required ,so branch wise activities be decided keeping in view the area profile, customer profile. Every branch should also not be compelled to do all types of banking activities , only specific branches identified by the banks should be asked to do social banking ,specially govt. Schemes
0 0 The profitability of a bank depends on the commercial activities but PSBs are also required to do social banking and promote and implement various GOVT. schemes or even used as tools for furthering political agenda resulting in lot of stress on bank's resources and manpower. Govt. should provide  additional resources for such activities and productivity be assessed after discounting such activities, mererly cursing or underpaying hard working employees on pretext of low profits is not correct.
1 0 All employees especially the officers in PSBs are required to work under extreme pressure, multitasking is spoiling the  quality of work , since the banking has undergone lot of evolution after globalisation, the specialisation/ expertise is required in many areas so there is an urgent need for creating social cadres in various areas. Manpower planning in banks should be assessed scientifically keeping in view the type of activities, geographical locations , need for minimum manpower required.
0 0 All PSBs are facing acute shortage of staff since there were no recruitments in Banks for 20 years (1986-2006).  Staff recruited enmass during 1975-1985 (post nationalization & expansion) are now retiring in large numbers. In next 2 years, PSBs are losing nearly 20% of total staff. There will be a vacuum of middle & senior level officers. All Branches, delivery point of Bank’s products/services, suffering without adequate manpower. Special recruitment drive for Banks is the need of the hour.
1 0 Election commission must ban assurances of Debt waiver. Debt waiver is causing every borrower to stop repayment. Self Help groups(DWACRA)in Telangana (which were told as 100% recoverable loans with group pressure, now turned as 100% not recoverable) are looking for debt waiver like Crop Loan borrowers even Telangana Govt. not promised. They are not coming forward to repay the loans. Central Govt. should look into the matter.
1 0 Sir, for this I think every branch staff must work effectively in working hours . And for make India a smart country for it every branch must encourage to account holder for take facility of Netbanking and mobile banking this will decrease rush in bank and will increase effectiveness of bank employees.
0 0 Dear Sir, The only plausible way PSBs can be reformed is for government to cease management control while it still holds majority stake. This will make boards more professional and the professionalism will then trickle down to branch level. NPAs will come down subsequently saving precious tax payer money. However strong political will is necessary at the top most level.
0 0 All public sector banks should follow the footsteps of SBI. The way this bank treats its customers is appreciable. All other banks also need to understand the value of the customers with high CIBIL points. This is the easiest way to enhance the business of government banks and safe as well.After collection of money from rural parts of the economy they should put this money to earn more to upgrade the regional growth.
1 0 We must allow our various public sector bank to open branches in Africa and other countries since this will generate Employment in India. Further due to International exposure automatically staff will follow international practise further it will boost moral of employee since employee will perform best to get posting outside countries. This will also help Indian trade since many small countries in Africa, Far east and in Latin America have business opportunities but do not have banks.
0 0 only dismisse weapon for idal and non perfomance worker  and giv heavy rules for cheating and fraud  case also for employes as well as
1 0 1.Every Bank's site should be updated with all the names of top Bank officials and Board members with their e-mail IDs and telephone/mobile nos. For your information,no any PSU Bank is maintaining such detail. 2.Almost all the Banks are not keeping the standardized account opening form, specially PMJDY related AOF, in the downloadable section of the Bank's site. 3.There is no information related with the Life & Accidental Insurance of the customers of PMJDY of Banks on their sites.
0 0 The public sector bank should be truly owned by the public . in these bank there is no one for helping poor to open or operate the account . there should be a recruitment of a person in every bank who can personally handle these issues and help the poor and illiterate people in bank works  there should be a system of feedback also to improve banks for people and all feedback should be considered
2 0 total ban on advertisement by PSU bank in Media, TV, Radio etc. Payment of Dividend to Govt is the normal ritual, then why banks CMD/EC etc goto New Delhi and handsover warrant to them. 1st it should be remmitted through NEFT/RTGS and no authority of bank should go outside for handing over cheque Total ban on PSU Banks to fight any case against each other. NPA and control measures to be initiated and all defaulter of the banks should be specially honoured.
0 0 Campus hire good professionals from IITs and IIMs.  Dont hire anybody in banks who doesnt know to operate computers.
2 0 PSU bankers paid very poorly, says State Bank of India chief stating salary of central officer 15600+5400+20475+6300+2500+6281=56556 while in banks 14500+15921+1232.5+2800=34454 HRA for pay commission 30% of 21000/- for banks 8.5 % of 14500/- ??????
1 0 1)	Professionalism 2) improve pay structure of employee 3 HR system needs radical improvement (even I left the job of bank because of this ) 4) Appoint professionals 5) performance based promotion
2 1 6) Sir just ask banks that how much they are spending on unnecessary board meetings (wastage of public money) and put check on the expenditure and facility given to the top brasses. Instead of these luxurious expenditures,  increase salary of common employee 7) Appoint qualified Directors 8) Take strong actions for NPA 9) Don’t route all the Govt schemes thro PSU Banks its creating unnecessary overburden on their performance
1 0 1)	Professionalism 2) improve pay structure of employee 3 HR system needs radical improvement (even I left the job of bank because of this ) 4) Appoint professionals 5) performance based promotion
2 0 Provide More security, Provide More ATM centres Provide More Interest than other banks Advice bank employes to act more people friendly (make them not to Yelling on poor people)
0 0 The coprative bank like the Nanded District cooprative bank, Rupe Bank, Ajit Copearative bank,Maharashtra state cooperative bank gain the losses, All loss recover through selling the director body asset and if any administrative person involved in that loss. If they fell should give the life time imprisonment.
0 0 Do not take recovery decision unser the political situation, If you do Please do not ask the suggestion from us Because the Big Bull using the using the Public Funds for Aish aram life, Comman man repaying the loan
1 0 1. There should not be MP. MLA, Corporator member/Director of the any co-operative banks if yes then result you Maharashtra state cooperative bank situation 2. Make aware to Bankers are the servant of the common man and they are not boss/owner of banks 3. Improve the connectivity from rural to urban area through the OFC (Optic fibre cable), for that involve the PPP with BOT criteria 4.Take action against the Big Bull like VIJAY MALLYA freeze his all property 5. Never reconstruct the loan
1 0 Reduce political interference in lending decisions. Punish those found to be corrupt so as to set an example for others.
1 0 Pvt Bank Global trust Bank failed. Who rescued so called best served bank customer. Please think any one who have account with them and dream these days. feeling of the any one customer after announcement of its merger with Oriental Bank Of commerce.  Please come with open mind and let all should share the views on my comments.
1 0 please think about closure of petrol pump run by Reliance, Essar one day and LPG gas supply by pvt vendors.person loyal to privatisation why backed out.all so called loyal should have purchased Gas, Petrol and Diesel from these Pvt vendors.had the Public sector not supplied these items to all dreams that day. So called pvt sector had not come forward by opening 10-20 crore accounts under PMJDY and after that so call mid/rich people definitely got excellent services form Pvt sector Bank.jago jago
0 0 Unreturned DEBT money will recovery very fast within six months from anybody.
0 0 PUBLIC SECTOR +PRIVATE SECTOR BANKS CAN ONLY PERFORM WHEN WHEN DEPOSITING-CASH/HANDLING+ SAVING ACCOUNTS are separated from LOAN SANCTIONING/HANDLING DEPARTMENTS--- AND SIMILARLY loan recovery department shall be made -hence three different department are recommended for better -independent efficient functioning. the Govt. Cash- benifit schemes shall be linked to PostOfficies and the Banks shall not be touched. Maintaining KYC for Jandhan Account holders would not be possible+ which may lead
1 1 government holding of equity in banks should be reduced to 51% across all PSBs, merge all different recruitment boards into a single board to check irregularities, link all service benefits to employee performance, give powers to banks to initiate criminal prosecution for recovery of loans, banks should be opened on sundays and may be closed on monday, accept innovative ideas for improvement of bank from lowest employee also, all employees should be given ESOP for  'our bank feeling'
0 0 If damage note comes from bank ATM M/C and bank harassing customer by wasting customer time and exchanging the note , so bank is not giving any favor it is bank fault that they have inter wrong note so that customer get trouble their should be some penalty clause for bank also means bank need to pay 5 to 10 time of amount for their mistake http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/12/improving-performance-of-public-s...
0 0 SMS charges. requested to stopped this facility because banks  (HDFC, SBI charging 15/- + service charge =17 /- per quarter but this does not mean that bank will removed my mobile number  this is against KYC and Banking security Policy. means one time password is security /banking requirement and it should be free and always available http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/12/improving-performance-of-public-s...
0 0 Check book request should be online or on mail or customer care
1 0 For adding third party name we should not be able visit again and again home branch for approval it should be approved on registered mail on a/c. this is loop pole at SBI process. I know I required ATM debit card  but process is too tough in a fist visit I have to apply  then need to visit branch for password , do you really thing policies in the name of security  is user friendly and as per market trend this should be  online generated or on mail. Request should be online or on mail or custome
0 0 Corrective action from government on SBI or other Private bank(like HDFC, ICICI axis bank etc) Policies amendment that Public can submit request at any branch in India. Approval should be on mail or mobile one time password authentication. This is security requirement and bank should not be charge any thing extra as a social responsibility as a government bank. If they also behaving like other private bank (profit center / Business) then for bank also penalty clause should be mention.
0 0 Fake note Issue from bank ATM . If Fake note comes from Bank ATM  then bank harassing customer to go to ATM and banks and showing its vendor mistake we have out source feeding ATM . no  witten rule information with bank and customer care how to handle this kind of cases. and after wasting 2 month of customer if bank returning same amount to customer . So it is not fare. because this is bank mistake why should customer bear . 100 times of penalty have to be paid by bank for their mistake.
0 0 If damage note comes from bank ATM M/C  and bank harassing customer by wasting customer time and exchanging the note , so bank is not giving any favor it is bank fault that they have inter wrong note so that customer get trouble their should be some penalty clause for bank also means bank need to pay 5 to 10 time of amount for their mistake http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/12/improving-performance-of-public-s...
0 0 Idea for Improving performance of Public Sector Banks http://vishesh2014.blogspot.in/2014/12/improving-performance-of-public-s...
0 0 Regularizing terms and condition in banking sector Banking sector should have service oriented mind set. When they are playing as business point and implementing unwanted charges to increase profit then penalty clause should be there Frame work required in banking terms regulatory compliance Net Banking Mobile SMS Charges KYC norms as per RBI. Mobile number linking from  bank a/c. Email linking from bank a/c. SLA – Service level agreement for each process Time bonded activity No additional Char
0 0 Suggestions from Moneylife Foundation ( foundation.moneylife.in ; foundation@moneylife.in ) to improve PSBs. MLF is a not-for profit organization dedicated to the cause of financial consumers. 1. Customer Charter with penalties 2. Change Insolvency laws 3. Bring PSBs under the Companies Act, 2013 4. Place inspection rating of banks by RBI in public domain 5. Making bank auditors more accountable 6. Avoiding dual control by RBI and MoF 7. Eliminate political interference
0 0 Check deposits via smart phone. Online banking via phone to include Bill Pay, money transfer, etc. Debit Cards to be issued with Rs0.0 annual fee, Secure chip for fraud prevention and INR0.0 fraud liability. Text alerts to advise of account updates. Simpler, cleaner, well design, simple understandable terminology,  advertisement free, internet user interface for web access.
0 0 Biggest problem is in lending loans...especially Home Loans at certain nationalized banks. I tried to get one from SBI and their lawyer refused to verify the sale records on flimsy ground. I was purchasing at lower than prevailing market price. The cost evaluater of concerned bank official tried to persuade the seller for higher price paying customers. Finally I got the home loan easily from Canara Bank - having honest people.
1 0 Only one good thinking can play a vital role in changing this world otherwise god does not give that intelligence to anybody differently, i wana say in about the improvement of public sector banks that every employees/personnel of banks especially of public sector banks' have forgotten their own responsbility to serve better their own costumers inside the bank. they used to think themselves after sitting on the chair, a very big mahapurush like people. well they are forgetting their real value.
0 0 Suggestions for improvement in public sector banking 1. Cheque clearing time should be reduced, and should be done at the deposited branch itself , it should not go to home branch of the cheque giver. 2. Paperless transactions should be introduced. For ex POS machine for payment and receipts. 3. Minimum human maximum works policy can be adopted 4. Loans/ Deposits/ should be made simple to access to people. 5. ATM and Net banking should be promoted to reduce branch visit. May increase limit
4 0 Govt itself is a cause for bringing down the banks performance. All knows that previous Govts just for the sake of Vote Banks waived off debts of loaners. This has made many loaners still waiting for the loans to be waived off making loan accounts as NPA thus making a serious affect on banks performance. Giving incentive for debtors with regular repayments is highly appreciable but waiving off the debts is highly condemn-able. Govt must think on this matter...
1 2 Remove all Public Sector Banks..
0 0 i like to give advice in banking sector to give more benefit to poor people in opening the bank account in every where in India make them to go through bank on wheel by opening bank account in slam area and backward area. go to every village and give bank passbook and ATM card on the spot with name mention on it. they will feel very happy once they photo and atm card in there hand. this will be the best concept to open account in every village.
3 1 MESSAGE TO EMPLOYEES : : "MINIMUM MEETINGS MAXIMUM OUTPUT : DO YOUR WORK SINCERELY & ENJOY LIFE STRESS FREE. DUTY HOURS ARE DUTY HOURS. EVERY MINUTE YOU SPEND IN OFFICE IS PAID FOR.MAXIMIZING OUTPUT & CUSTOMER SATISFACTION IS NOT OBLIGATION BUT REQUIREMENT.PUBLIC SECTOR MEANS PUBLIC SERVICE.BE LIBERAL TO EARN BLESSINGS OF THOSE WHO NEED YOUR HELP. YOU ALWAYS PLEAD FOR INCREASE IN WAGES :HAVE YOU EVER CARED WHAT SERVICE YOU PROVIDE. RIGHTS & DUTIES CAN'T BE SEPARATED.FIRST DESERVE THEN DESIRE.
2 0 MANY SUITS FILED EITHER DUE TO FEAR OF EXPIRING LIMITATION PERIOD OR JUST TO PLEASE BANK'S ADVOCATE IN COURT PROVE TO BE THROWING GOOD MONEY AFTER BAD MONEY.EVEN AMOUNT EQUAL TO COURT FEE & ADVOCATE'S FEE IS NOT RECOVERABLE.SOMETIMES SUITS ARE FILED AGAINST PERSONS WHO DO NOT EXIST EVEN. SURPRISINGLY NO QUESTION IS ASKED TO PERSON WHO PHYSICALLY VERIFIED THEIR WHEREABOUTS & ASSETS. LIMITATION ACT SHOULD NOT APPLY TO BANK LOANS. VICTIMS OF CIRCUMSTANCES BE WRITTEN OFF BUT WILFULLY DEALT SEVERLY
3 0 99 % NPAs are basically bad sanctions thr. intermediate agency/CA/Advocates/corruption. All who are instrumental must be BLACKLISTED. LOANS UNDER GOVERNMENT SCHEME MUST BE GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITY EXCEPT OPERATING ROLE. PERSONS & COMPANIES BOTH BE DECLARED DEFAULTERS &INELIGIBLE FOR ANY LOAN ANYWHERE. HYPOTHECATED assets ;  LAND/BUILDING BE POSSESSED QUICKLY BY GOVT. FOR ITS USE OR FURTHER SALE BECAUSE PUBLIC IS SCARED TO BUY these.COURT CASES SHOULD Have MAX.TIME LIMIT OF 12 MONTHS.
0 0 Complete analysis of assets including stationery/furniture lying unused : may reveal that knowingly more amount is spent as more benefits obtained. Where 1 paper is sufficient to cover necessary information many papers are printed to inflate bills.Eco friendly era needs minimum papers. Repeated information also confuse. Only one paper for particulars & sign below is sufficient for opening a/c as proofs are also enclosed.IN THE ERA OF EASY ACCESSIBILITY DUE TO MOBILES & MAILS reduce paper work.
1 1 all those who go on strike - treat it as resignation - in a country where there are millions waiting for employment - it is ridiculous. this one step will set everything else right - not only banks BUT every thing where politicians have created vested interests in the past 7 decades- bureaucracy, coal mines, hospitals, pwd, water works, power etc etc
0 0 BANK LOANS SANCTIONING WITHOUT ANY PRESSURE/FAVOR/CORRUPTION &IMPROVING QUALITY IS BETTER WAY OF INCREASING REVENUE.CREATION OF TRANSPARENT CHARGE ON ASSETS SAVES FRAUDS.RECORD MAINTAINING AUTHORITIES MUST KNOW ABOUT LOANS RAISED AGAINST ASSETS SO THAT FURTHER CHARGE COULD NEVER BE CREATED.BANKS DUES CAN EASILY BE PAID WITH SALE PROCEEDS OF CHARGED ASSETS IF PRE SANCTION SURVEY IS GENUINE.OF COURSE STAFF SHOULD NOT EXPECT DIWALI GIFTS FROM BORROWERS/CLIENTS. ACCOUNTABILITY BE FIXED FOR BAD LOANS
0 0 BANKS CHARGE ON LABORER DEPOSITING CASH/CHEQUES FROM THEIR WORK PLACE TO THEIR HOME ACCOUNTS IN THE SAME BANK WHEN SAME BANK IS SINGLE ENTITY. SIMILARLY ON LINE &ATM TRANSACTIONS SAVE LABOR OF BANKS. SMS PREVENTS FRAUDS. THIS IS UNJUST.BETTER CREDIT MANAGEMENT/REDUCING NPAs CAN INCREASE BANK'S INCOME MANYFOLD. PAYING ELECTRICITY/WATER BILL ETC.ON LINE SAVES A LOT OF LABOR OF THE RESPECTIVE DEPARTMENTS & THERE IS NO RISK OF CHEQUES BEING BOUNCED.THEY CHARGE ON SUCH PAYMENTS. THIS IS ALSO NOT FAIR
0 0 BANKS' EXECUTIVES/OFFICIALS FROM MINISTRY SHOULD GO TO COUNTERS IN THE GUISE OF CUSTOMERS TO REALIZE FACTS. CASHIERS' ATTITUDE NEEDS CHANGE. SORTING BE DONE.BANNED 500 NOTES/MUTILATED NOTES GIVEN BUT NOT ACCEPTED. UNSTICHED UNSIGNED PACKETS WITH FAKE NOTES DELIVERED.  SINGLY STICHED & SIGNED PACKETS BE GIVEN. TRANSPARENT distribute NEW CURRENCY TO REMUNERATIVE ACCOUNT HOLDERS/UNDER SOME NORMS/AS INCENTIVE TO STAFF & PUBLIC.SEPARATE COUNTERS FOR  SMALL DENOMINATIONS.AT ANY BRANCH WITHOUT CHARGES
0 0 contd... Relationship Manager or any authority in Bank  should be made Accountable for any delays etc. Unless Accountability is fixed, thing are not likely to improve.4. Lead Bank concept needs a revision in current Aims of new Govt. for Regionwise , Sectorwise development to take place with minmum governance.
0 0 Through online redressal of petty issues and by shifting workforce towards tier 3 and sub urban areas as the urban populace prefers online and electronic resolution of works. Check disposal, passbook updation, ATM, money transfer, FD and most other activities in the urban areas can be dealt with zero workforce thus saving up on money spent. Centralized service centers in each district may be provided which would help resolving of out-of-ordinary problems, with a very small requirement of person
0 0 1. Delays in Sanctions and  non- availability of timely Finance for projects causes National Loss apart from increasing Unemploymentand also increases chances of Account becoming NPA..SUGGESTIONS..1.1. Lenders' Liability Code, as suggested by APEX Court, should be urgently made.2. Development Banks like erstwhile IFCi, IDBi and ICICI should be opened for removing Regional imbalance with Minimum Government Interference.3.PSB should have kind of Relationship Manager to mitigate client problems.
0 0 11. The concept of Vikas khata is flawed. Many many customers have opened Vikas khata under जन धन योजना in 5-7 banks to get insurance & 5000 Rs. overdraft. This is adding lot more pressure on the limited infrastructure of the banks. Please stop this scheme. Average minimum balance should be Rs. 100/- per month in order to get the benefits of the scheme.
0 0 5. There should be limit on no. of public sector banks operating in particular area. 6. A/c number portability for customers of public sector banks 7. Rather than focusing on new business, the banks should focus more on recovering NPAs. 8. Unsecured loans for amount exceeding Rs 50,000/- should not be given. 9. Increase salaries of officers & employ or try to attract competent people from private sector banks.10. Give lot more importance on income from treasury activities,
1 0 Fixing unrealistic high targets by higher authorities for branches MUST be stopped forthwith so that BM can concentrate on improving overall efficiency rather than creating shadow business for bank. BM should be incentivised for good business but at the same time make him accountable also if a/c becomes bad within certain period. A/c opening campaign must also be stopped as branches are induced to compromise on quality of a/cs by showing fake performance in terms of no. of a/cs opened by branch.
0 0 I work in a public sector banks. Here are my suggestions: 1. The GoI has been trying to push for consolidation in the banking domain. However, RBI has been inviting proposals from private companies for banking license. These 2 are not in sync. We do not need more banks. Consolidations is must for synergy. 2. All public sector companies & governments should give business to ONLY PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS. 3. Saturday should either be holiday or full working day. 4. No loans should b given below RFR
1 1 1.Salary payment of govt. employees should be distributed among all PSB's instead of SBI. In other words govt. employees should have the choice of banks for their salary payment. 2.Strict law should be implemented for NPA customer.
0 0 No loan by force.Physical verification of assets & transparent charge with authorities maintaing record of assets.Printing minimum sty.only as per need e.g.pay in slip for cheques be replaced by writing a/c no.& phone no. on the back.CAs be accountable for manipulating B.S.&LEGAL ADVISORS FOR SUBMITTING WRONG SEARCH REPORTS.DIARIES etc. BE given to good depositors & borrowers keeping record.Diwali gifts by clients to bank staff be abolished.On line transactions & SMS MUST BE FREE.COUNTERFRIENDLY
1 0 In jandhan No of tranasction will me more  amount will be lower to cater the same PSB may be allowed to appoint some contractual persons particular for non critical areas like customer for filling forms,etc
0 0 Due to massive success of jandhan  many things a needs to be looked upon as  the population covered under jandhan needs to be assisted by some staff [as they are these customers are newer for Bannking]  and despite of good bank staff intention to help them they cant afford to do the same as the have heavy work load and the No of cuastomers and No of transactions will increase by leap and bounds if we can provide good servive educate them so  consuquent increase in  manpower should  is needed
2 0 connectivity and electricity.
0 0 Suggestions - improving performance / profitability of Public sector banks (PSBs) (JPEG file attached) :- 1. Other income (treasury, forex, credit cards) needs improvement. Better talent should head such departments 2. Create a 'Cross selling Department', to sell other products to existing customers. 3. CMD be split into Chairman and MD, Independent Directors appointed for superior decision making 4. Performance bonus 5. No Govt. interference Regards, Rajkaran Singh Bhatti, 9780005656
0 0 First all Public Sector bank employees should be motivated.  They Should realise that they are not doing any free/charity service, they are getting more benefits/salaries campare to the other people of same qualification/capacity. All bank branches should publise government schemes /benefits and eligiblity critiria . All employees work should be recorded in camera than you know what work each employee is doing and how they are behaving with public. They treat the public as human being.
0 1 Privateise all banks goverment should anounced post office as Indian goverment bank and make payment of all salary of central goverment either state goverment employes should made through post office  bank because post office have large network from village to citys then it will easy to collect all database of trangaction of black and white money and Indian goverment should also make thire transactions through post office only post office is pure goverment wings so governments should think
0 0 Govt must conduct raids on banks to stop malpractices like taking commission(bribe) to give loans. Most public sector banks have outdated computer equipments which cannot keep up speed with new banking software which slows down the work. False equipment bills are created to plunder money. Everything boils down to the obvious thing CORRUPTION. There is no agency to which common man can report corruption in banks. May be a task force must be created to stop this.
0 0 Dear Sir, This is to inform you that earlier i have logged a complaint regarding my MIS scheme which is continue in postal, but due to sort sort of reason there is no updated data found in our punsia, dist-Banka postal. But till now there is no any further action found from their end. Hence requested you to kindly consider my case & intimate me any progression to settle my amount. (Sir,ye complaint dene se 2years se zyada ho gaya lakin abhi tak kuch settle hua nahi.Mai ye complaint delhi dak
0 1 Dear Sir, I would like to inform you that please look in to this matter on priority basic due to this is most urgent for me. as a long long period have gone i am now tried so request you intervance this case for solve this issue. Awaiting your valuable suggestion.Rituraj Thakur >more...
0 0 Most bank officers have ego and treat the clerks badly. This creates a poor working environment in the banks leading to bad customer service. Protests in banking sector are conducted mostly by clerks because of harassment from upper class(officers) and they are not paid if they do any extra work where as an officer gets money for even shaking his leg. Govt must urge banks to employ people who know local language to improve communication with customers or atleast people who care to learn the lang
0 0 All ATM located near to School and Hospital.
1 0 - First Afoul give training to them from private sector / private banking sector people like how to talk with customer, how to behave with (any) customer. - Move most of the services online or on electronic medium. - While counting any note that time marking on note should be using pencil not using pen. - To stop/reduce Q in bank for withdrawal/ deposit of money start campaign or training for (old age) customer regarding how to use ATM and debit cards on different outlets. - deposit m/c needed.
1 0 Don't link it with foreign company participated Aadhar. we feel cheated. Let election ID be the only ID for us. SCARP AADHAR SAVE INDIA
0 0 To improve the infrastructure and reduce crowd
0 0 Public sector banks are the worst at this point of time.Every single work needs a lot of time, and its a dream to get your work done at one shot. employ more young people who are active. Get more tech savvy people, get more gadget-friendly apps for smart phones, In South Korea, one can use a pass book too to do transactions. Also Upgrade the ATMs. Most of the times it is in Out-Of-Order condition in many areas. Fix it first.
0 0 1.There should be active complain department where customer can complain against rude and lazy staff. and customer should be contacted about rust of their complain too .. 2. Latest ATM at Branch where customer can deposit their cash and Cheque as happening in New Zealand 3. Easy and Secure net Banking 4. modern infrastructure
0 0 Public Sector Bank Employees are not customer friendly. Complaint box or online complaints against rude & non working employee must be registered,  Provision of penalty for More complaint holder employee should be transferred out of state. As no penal provisions for misconduct is in place & Employees unions issues. PSU Bank employees have no effective Monitoring mechanism. Penal provisons for misconduct necessary
0 0 1.PSBanks should be more people oriented & helping to poor. 2.More technology adopted services like NET BANK,M-BANK,etc should adopt with clear cut security. 3.Income tax & service tax should be abolished.Instead TRANSACTION TAX MUST BE STARTED. 4.Cash transactions above Rs.10,000/-should be stopped.Only Bank transactions allowed. 5.Withdraw rs.500,1000 currency notes from circulation 4 better financial control & for against fake currency & BLACK MONEY. 6.More single-business correspondents
0 0 PS banks should perform rather than demand,follow a few private banks.
0 0 These should be a recorder on every counters so that what customer is saying and what employee is replying should be recorded here no much cost is involved a cloud based consolidated storage can be used. Now every employee knows that what answer he is giving is recorded before starting any communication each customer just tell his name so that every comm. can be identified easily. This will increase customer experience in gov. banks because all we know what they say if we ask something.
0 0 1. To check the operations of the borrower periodically in the similar fashion as SABI is doing for the stocks. 2. The project proposal prepared by the CA to be reviewed and the rancking to be done of CA biased on the after performance of the borrower for the CA. Some CA may be di qualified for bed investment of their project proposals. 3.The concerned officer in charge to be made answerable for their approved proposal s. This may be linked with their promotions and after retired benefits.
0 0 In banks we have to go with a visitor registers or column in services form and in that every coming customer fill not only his in and out time reasons to visit, type of service, attached doc and main service form. If they are refused by employees of banks then they fill in that register/service form that they are refused due to this reason and employees should right this info in that form so that these employees will stop saying any just like that reasons to customers.
0 0 We should focus on investments on A. Branch( Development facilities like electricity, generators, diesel) then B. Services given to employees on that branches, then C. Facilities given to customers in that branches. Then cross verification of these payments. for examples currently in banks employees and managers just put the bills to government/head-offfice that they paid XYZ Rs.amount as diesel charges, and XYZ Rs. as electricity bill. Here we have have no cross checks for facks.
1 0 1.Good workers should be given recognition. In PS banks horse and donkey run together and sometimes donkey wins the race. 2. Govt departments can deal only with PSBs. 3. Payment of pension etc should be adequqtely rewarded. 4. Govt depts can stop recommending loan beneficiaries. 5. Defaulters deserve strict action. Law may be amended. 6. Consolidating the 19 banks to 3 to 4 banks will save on admin cost thereby increasing profitability. 7. Trainig to handle special  customers can augment profit.
1 0 1) INCREASE INTERNET AND REMOTE LOCATION BANKING FEATURES. 2) ALL BRANCHES MUST HAVE A GUARDED ATM FOR 24*7 ACESS & REDUCE COUNTER CROWD. 3) GET TWO TYPES OF ACCOUNTS -a) NO FRILLS ACCOUNTS b) PREMIUM ACCOUNTS (with min balances etc) 4) ENCOURAGE LENDING TO POOR PEOPLE AS THEY ARE MORALLY DRIVEN TO REPAY UNLIKE A RICH BORROWER. 5)BRING DOOR STEP BANKING USING BIO METRICS. 6) KEEP FLEXI BANKING HOURS AS PER THE LOCATIONS. 7) TARGET TO MAKE A PSU BANK BRNCH AS AN INVESTMENT HUB,
0 0 third party information. Whereas, as per my view, all the four parties (myself, drawer / issuer of the cheque, HDFC bank and SCB) to the said transaction, were under obligation to share & provide the information pertaining to that transaction. Please incorporate your view in the code.
0 0 I am having a/c with HDFC bank, Kanpur. I received a cheque favoring myself from a person drawn on Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) and I deposited the cheque in my a/c in HDFC bank. Cheque was cleared through clearing mechanism. I forgot to record the cheque in my records and even forgot from whom I received the cheque. At the time of reconciliation, I enquired from SCB, the name of person in whose a/c cheque (favoring me) was debited. SCB refused to provide information, on the pretext that it is
0 0 For the benefit of a/c holders, interest on PPF a/ccts. be paid on day to day product basis (instead of on the balance of 5th day of the month), as has been started on S/B accts.
0 0 . For reducing the work load and for uniformity,  TDS on interest on FDRs be deducted only on 31st March and / or on maturity, by the banks.
1 0 7.	This is to kindly write to you that nationalised banks  give interest on S/B A/c , half yearly, whereas,  private banks  like YES bank , Axis Bank , etc, give interest on S/B A/c, quarterly. A uniform policy may  be adopted by all the banks.
1 0 1.	This is to kindly write to you that some banks like SBI are putting / lodging the information on AS 26 (Income Tax Website) for all the interest payments on FDRs, even when there is no TDS. This is facilitating the customers to know the interest amounts. This may  be adopted by all the banks in the interest of your customers , forthwith i.e. from previous f.y. (2012-13). Please issue necessary directions.
0 0 At one place we are promoting usage of debit and Atm cards and another way we are restricting the usage to 3 or 5 and then charging the customer. Atleast customer who are withdrawing money from bank atm should be free and interbank can be charge after some transaction.
0 0 1. Reducing cost of transactions, this can br done by issuing atm n net banking to all educated customers 2. All NPA account shld be recovered by taking harsh steps lik by selling their property n all. Now a days customers take banks for granted 3.banks should come under central govt so that issue of their wages should be solved To make profit its imp to make employees happy coz if they r not then they will not giv good customer service 4. Charges should be increased
0 0 CRS to all banks staff ageing 50 year and above.
0 0 Please think of lending to healthcare sector to set up hospitals in decentralized manner. Hospitals with different sizes and mobile hospitals with mobile medical equipment is needed. Try to garner funds by coming with scheme that charges very low premium on new born and use this money to invest in healthcare along with private players. Give girl child 50% rebate on till employed especially for rural girl child on premium payment. Ensure every child is insured. Start other health insurance scheme
1 0 Try to develop the mindset that people's tax money must be invested and not spent. If spent they must be invested so that they fetch profits and create jobs with better lifestyle. Our past socialistic policies have ruined our thinking and has led to centralized tax department. We should be able to manage our taxes even after eliminating individuals with high income. Entrepreneurs should not pay personal income tax, then they will create more jobs. We should lend these people money.
0 0 Please think of using black money without harassing all business for investment starving sectors like railways, agriculture, shipping, aviation for constructing gas operated aeroplanes and import more oil and store in car dikky and import more gold and mobilize idle gold to jwellery industry during marriage and festive season only if approved by all members of BJP and cabinet ministers with more importance to jobs.All black money is because of poor subsidy strategy and policies of past socialist
0 0 Please think about lending to all these bottled water companies for them to come with funding strategies to deliver matka and popularize matka in hot places and support more SMEs in retailing lassi, nimboo paani, kaali maarg, goli soda, masala soda, orange and other beverages along with this existing mineral bottle water companies with those companies re-inventing their strategies by creating employees.
0 0 Please credit the salary of people working in PSUs on a bi-weekly basis, and encourage this by trying to make it slowly on a daily basis with incentives for people with high deposit amounts by eliminating TDS if they are industrialists. Also please ensure when they release any fund above certain amount say 1 lakh please get it e-attested with sms from pmo office, finance dept, and other state based groups and the individual who make the payment along with his reporting manager will be held resp
0 1 Improving Performance of PSB.......Two important issue to be taken care.1.Increase the Service charges,which has been reduced after 2008 but not revised after 2011.Particularly the RTGS/NEFT charges. 2.Reduce the NPA Level.For this some strong and harsh steps required.Wilful defaulter should be punished.Write off system should be abolished.Separate court for the prompt decision to establish. Staffs,Officers misrepresenting the case should be punished.
0 0 easy opening of saving account without guarantee should develop in post office and bank. Easy closer of saving account should developed. Easy passbook posting should develop.
0 0 Banking and economy closely related for national growth.Modern virtual capitalism ,credit dispensing, project management, job creations, book keeping of income and expense statement banking role is extremely high.Also the payment gateway to integrated process of transaction will speed up all over efficiency.This means all type of retail to major Invoices payment for any XYZ can be done.Also people can save lot of time to do other activities.The figure to and from methods of data with POS we do.
1 0 If they want better salary then let it be incentive based. fix targets and see . At the same time fix responsibility for the loan recovery etc on him / her.
0 1 Improve the welfare of bank employees and see the difference...Bank employees are working like asses and getting a peanut as salary... Govt. is taking wah wah for PMJDY but no one thought how bank employees had done this with limited manpower. The bank employees don't need much, you are only requested to make similar salary for similar post as in central govt.
0 0 The one problem faced by many is the timing of banks. There is no flexibility. There should be one branch of SBI or other bank in city operating in shift. That is A shift from 6 to 1400hrs and from 1400 to 22hrs. This will give lot of time for citizens. Also appointments for banks should be made on-line or through SMS and appoint schedule should be sent through SMS. All PSU should have interlinking i.e certain works can be done thorough any branch irrespective of bank.
0 0 If you are really serious to improve the performance of Public Sector Banks, you may consider the following: 1) Govt. must agree that no employee can contribute for the betterment of their organisation without properly remunerated. First try to settle the 10 BPS immediately with a respectable hike in salary as compare to their counterpart in central government job. 2) have a regulatory working hour for bank officers ( I am not telling 5 days a week). Staying in bank upto 10 pm daily in office.
0 0 Accountability and responsibility is very limited in PSB unlike Private Banks. There should be rating on each and every employee performance and given promotions and increments in all the segments. Non performers should be provided enough and more training every now and then, assess their performance. HR should be very active not involving Union and Union members involving or hindering actions.Holidays to be curtailed to the core.
0 0 The national agri bank must have field officers who go to the farmer or diary owner and offer assistance , involve with tem in a way that the bank does not suffer losses due to non repayment or late payment.The eligibility criteria must be clear so that those who seek assistance will know what documentation is needed. Banks must employ people who understand farming and related businesses . Jai Hind
0 0 None of the PSU banks  have ever given me the service i got from a private bank till date! They have extremely long loan processing time, corrupt bank managers, unfriendly staff, arrogant and a very polite way of telling "no" that is ...come tomorrow.Farmers who are in dire need of financial assistance suffer the most as they are made to run from pillar to post. I suggest A NATIONAL AGRI BANK NOT INVOLVING THE STATE BANK OR ANY OF ITS CRONIES like SBM etc.for  agri loan and business finance.
0 0 PSU banks lack often good Public Relations due to that the customers often spent more time in banks to get their various service done.Failure of net and proper back up to computers also create problems for customers and Bank staff.Banks fail to inform customers in case of inoperative accounts and take more interest in Bad Debt collection.The branch managers require better training and many of them shy away from customers to give them proper guidance on various bank services.Int bank upgraded.
1 0 Every bank should have a housing loan staff structure separately.their employes should be transferred in the same structure always. Their efficiency should given cash rewarded. They should be appointed separately .they should be customer friendly ,courteous,soft spoken and ready to serve at the door step at the buyer even at the odd hours. 2. Their should be place for senior citizen where ever it isossible in premises. They should be not in the q for any thing.  The bank may charge for it.
1 0 All the newly recruited employees of PSU Banks come with a Clean Mindset. Their work habits are corrupted by old Staffs who are already into bad habits. The behaviour of these new recruits and their approach to work depend on how they are mentored. We need to segregate deadwood staff and prevent them from working together or mentoring the new recruits. We can also designate good mentors under whom new recruits will work till completion of their probationary period.
0 0 Unlike Private banks PSU banks  maintain large number of accounts which receive money from family members working outside  but by month end  almost everything is withdrawn leaving no cash balance with the bank to do business. Most employees are engaged with this work leaving little time for others. Since these Account Holders are mostly illiterate install ATM machines that use Biometrics instead of PIN in every village so that the need to visit the bank does not arise also to prevent fraud.
0 0 "Any Small IDEA And Strong STEP Can Change Your Life" by following these sentences on to the every life of the people, if they start to their journey on the progress of their own and the country as well will be more beneficial for the country welfare. Every banks should enhance the awareness among every people of the country by taking a forward and active steps towards any complaint of the customers or non-costumers through MAIL, SMS and INTERNET without delaying any further of the complaint.
0 0 the second things which i have every time observed, even you also would have concerned it or not i don't know , i think it might be a small thinking but for the upgrading and growing technology this step must be very important to be taken into consideration. step is:---- There Must Be Around 10 CDM (cash deposit machine) At Every City And District OR Block Of At least  5 SBI and Rest Of 5 Other Branches CDM Machines.Because I Have Seen So Many Long Lines On Queue On Any BANK For Cash Deposit.
0 0 hello sir, i have come by taking a new idea for the improvements of the all banks whether they are public sectors or any private sectors , first of all all those banks which have had only one or two branches or no any branch in the city regardless any co-operative or grameen bank branches , should have at least 5 branches in every block , districts and cities so that every customers could serve it better without going to open and manage their accounts to the other cities as per their expectation
0 0 A lenders liability clause has to be inserted . This shall hold the PSU BANKS accountable . Their are 2 sides of a coin . Only genuine borrowers cannot be made accountable PSU banks must compensate Corporates for their own callousness towards genuine borrowers . Secondly all proposals received should be decided either way max 30 days for EASE OF DOING BUSINESS IN INDIA
0 0 1. Turn Around Time is very less should be fast 2. Create a Loan Processing Cell and stop allowing proposal processing at front end i.e. branch level so it improved efficiency of branch person as well as it also send proposals to persons who understand credit. 3. Availability of direct appointment to all the Hierarchy till MD so that critics & appreciation can be passed on to them
0 0 1. Make Strict Punishment for stopping any employee to work in any day when some union called strike, as seen that PSU employee goto pvt / foreign bank to close there doors as well on strike, if they dont want to work, its govt call how to handle union but person who want to work should be provided full support and security as single day strike = huge loss to nation. 2. Have a permanent One time settlement , restructuring policy frames and available to all
0 0 1. Ask central government to provide all loans farm loan through SIDBI or DIC or some other institute and not let directly bank lend money which are bound to get government waiver , this create clean environment. 2. Major issue with PSU bank is there is no targets taken seriously, drive a system of demotion in case of non achievement of target or something like that so all will take it seriously. 3. Half post are always vacant 4. MSME code / grievance redressal just to show off not practiced
0 0 this is good and .if u can do this good work canu plese print in all local language like all state all language with sanskrit .any bank secter use sanskrit language .and every atm use own bank atm use unlimited..any cost.thank u sir.jai hind
0 0 Bank loan defaulters automatically forfeit their property such as farm, home, and any assets tied to the loan as security and collateral. All loan repayments must be electronic in which bank would draw payments regularly each month. Bank must verify what source of regular income the person has and how he would repay it. There should be system of credit worthiness in place similar to Credit Reporting Companies in the USA where each person's credit history is maintained. Banking laws needs change
0 0 Strikes caused economic loss to the nation. How many people still remember that Indian Railway Employees went on strike from 8th May to 28th May in 1974? I do. Postal, bank and Air India employees are habitual strikers. Their track record speaks for itself. Banking hours should be: 9AM to 6PM Mon-Fri, Sat 9 AM-3PM. Each employee must clock in. No tardiness. Each bank must have a routing number like USA clearing house. Government employees salaries paid only via electronic direct deposit.
0 0 1: Ban Strikes: Pass a law banning strikes in all government departments: Air India, Banks, Railway, Post office, Police, transportation, sea ports, buses etc. If anyone go on strikes, they would be fired and will face life time ban on any government job. In 1981, about 13,000 air traffic controllers went on strike in USA. President Reagan ordered them to return to work in 48 hours. They did not. Reagan fired them all and banned from getting any government job. Bank must open 9AM to 6PM like US
0 0 I would highlight the importance of accountability and motivation 1. Accountability - Make board of directors and MD personally liable for decisions made during their tenure 2. Motivation - Part of salary be paid in stocks - to align management interests with stakeholder interests
0 0 Sir/Madam, Recovery of loans should be higher having a simple and strict  way. It has been observed that rich persons and firms are showing less responsibility in returning the money in time.So laws should be strict.Waiving off loans is not good for country.
0 0 Retirement age be reduced to 58 years immediately to appoint 3 times staff in the same establishment bill.Retired staff can be used in credit marketing,deposit mobilization, BCA control,Audit functions ,training subject to maximum upto 62 years at a 25% salary of last drawn salary +conveyance of Rs 3000/- and mediclaim of Rs 500000/-.Transfers to desired place in deadly diseases to any of self, spouse, child and parents and of ladies to husband/child place of posting/residenc be on top priority.
0 0 Cash Deposite machine,pass book updation machines and Q management machines in each branch.4 training in a year must in credit,HR.forex,audit must of 3 days each for all employees in scale 4 and above to fill knowledge gap.Time bound promotions up scale 5....clerk to officer--4 years as clerk, officer to scale 2----4years as scale 1,scale 2 to scale 3---5 years as scale 2, scale 3 to scale 4 ---4 years as scale 3, scale 4 to scale 5----4 years as scale 4 should be must.All branches to do credit.
0 0 More than sufficient salary in general and particularly in executive cadre will prevent corruption leading to less NPAs.Respect to experience,transfers within 40 kms upto scale III, upto 60 kms upto scale IV, upto 100 Kms in scale V, upto 250 kms in scale VI should be implemented. Banks be divided in 3 categories businesswise. Promotion from small bank to medium bank and medium to big size bank for ED/CMD.Staff be  doubled. service charges be doubled and should be uniform for all PSU Banks.
0 0 1. Make aadhar compulsory for availing any banking facilities and connect the database with a central server so that banks may come to know if their defaulter has credit balances in any other bank or vice versa. 2. Create a world class working environment and adopt best HR practices for salary, promotion,  transfers etc to boost the work force. 3. Merger of banks to create few world class banks. 4. Provision of strict action against defaulter to make people realise loan taken has to be repaid
0 0 When i joined banking sector 1.5 years back my aim was to make a career in a public sector bank.But after 1.5 years of experience i m preparing for other government exams just because of the working culture of the bank staffs and the salary they are being paid for the unlimited work they have to face.untill and unless employees are efficient an organization can never become efficient. Please first of all ensure the efficiency of employees bank will automatically become efficient.
0 0 1.	Provide passbook printing and cash depositing machines inbuilt in each ATM. 2.	Provide coin vending machines in at least one ATM in each town. 3.	Ensure that Bank branches do not repeatedly face server errors. 4.	Devise a system where a customer can rate a bank employee’s performance. 5.	Banks should not go on frequent strikes. 6.	Attractive schemes like Kisan Vikas Patra should be made available in banks. 7.	Do not impose limits on ATM transactions per month. 8.	Increase number of ATMs espec
0 0 Remove old employees as their mind set is that even if they will not work they will get salary and nt ready to change their self. 2. Promotion based on performance and not based on seniority.3. Salary  and increment based on performance. 4. Reduction in number of bank holidays. 5. Merger of public sectors bank 6. Increase in working hours. 7. Take benefits of public data which is with government for approaching new customers
1 1 The public sector banks key reforms are : 1) Given top priority to corporate governance and local government bodies specially cooperative governance in public sector banks. 2)The banks must encouraged and improved public-private partnerships. 3)The bank should strengthening its investment-friendly and loan-related policies . 4)The banks should strengthening their office-management system by scientific-governance. 5)They should make more advanced and customer friendly communication cell .
1 0 The banks should be customer friendly. Banks earnings mostly come by lending. Lending should be made hassle free.Treat Customers as human beings. Make procedures simple & hassle free.In fact the Bank Executive should visit the house of the customer to complete all formalities for loan sanction.. Give incentives to honest customers, prompt repayment of loan &interest. Honour customers having account for more than 20 years.. Improve staff efficiency on performance based incentives. .
2 0 1. Banks to be merged to create 5-6 large banks 2. All priority sector loans are to be extended at base rate of the banks 3. The intrest subvention to be extended for investment farm credit. 4. The prompt paying customers to be given benefit by relaxation in interest 5. Wages of bankers shall be covered in pay commission to aviod dissatisfaction among staff. 6. Transparent transfer policy in banks 7. Recovery of written off amount to corporates as well as wilful defaulter 8. agri based ap
0 0 Increasing the staff strength alongwith the increase in time can help to improve the functionality of the Public Sector Bank. Many PSU banks are understaffed. Govt. should make a policy for new appointments to check losses of bank. That is, a new policy of temporary appointment with minimum salary can be implemented. This way all PSUs can be properly staffed. Condition for appointment can be: purely temporary and these posts will never be permanent.
1 0 For any banks/org, performance depends upon the employees & technology. More importantly well use of these both. There is a lack of skills & knowledge among employees. They are limited to the skills & knowledge bcoz of work load and fear of facing High Risk. Even staff strength, other than in city branches are very low. More work load, high risk, low salary(compared to other govt offices), low skills & less knowledge along with frustration of not reaching targets makes employees to perform less.
0 0 Pvt. Sector Banks owns about 30% of total Banking business. Recently PMJDY was launched in which only 4% accounts were opened by Pvt.Sector Bank. Why PSU Bank's are only forced to extend Govt. policies. Why not Pvt. Sector Banks? Due to social banking, PSU banks lack something in their profitability.But it should not be meant that PSU Bank's are not efficient. The only need is to make the moral of the Bank employees up. Bank employees did remarkably well in PMJDY,but no one praised the Bankers
0 0 I suggest that All PSU/rural banks and PO savings bank should be merged as 3 or 4 banks to reduce expenditure and reduce loan intesrest so that to see the increase of lenders. Evading to repay loans taken should be curtailed by attaching the properties under revenue recovery act and evaders be punished beside recovery of loan amount. with the good service no.of customers would automatically increase. The money so deposited be spent on infrastructure development and avoid taking loan from W.Bank
0 0 Continued..This will persuade customers to bring entire his or her deposits under one bank.This will also help the banks to priortize its net worthy customers. In this way a gud customer data base can be build up which will help the bank to determine the credit worthiness of a customer to certain extent and thereby reduce the non performing assets of all the banks in our country....
0 0 Continued.... Thereshould be certain limits based on which a customer can be classified as high medium or low.These limits should be decided by the authorities.There would be certain free facilities as well which will be provided based on the classification of the customers .This will help the banks to evaluate the credit worthiness of the customers.This will help the bank to increase business because customer would be in a hurry to acquire high and medium status to avail the free services.cont
0 0 I would like to put a suggestion which might not only can help the bank to improve its profitability but also can help to evaluate credit worthiness of the customers Major problem for bank now a days is npa which can never be reduce to nil but can be tackle by preparing customer data base. Banks should seggregate their customers in three categories viz High,Medium and Low based on the advances,deposits and credit worthiness of a customer.continued.......
0 0 Connectivity/signals of the branches are very poor. This affects to customer service of the branches. All the branches use only BSNL Network for their CBS network. In most of the states, the services of the BSNL is below par. Connectivity is Off for many hours. Due to which customer service is affected. Suggestion – Apart from BSNL, services of the other private telecom operators i.e. Airtel, Tata etc. should be availed in the PSU Banks.
0 0 Bank officials are posted at far flung areas just due to wrong policies of the Banks. A officer of Tamilnadu/Kerela Origin is being posted in Punjab/Himachal Pradesh How he can perform there. He even do not know Hindi well, how can he satisfy the needs of rural Punjabi spoken customers. The officers in PSU Banks should be posted preferably within 500 Kms of their home town where they understand the culture and needs of their customers. Moreover mid term transfers should be avoided.
1 0 Most of the Banks staff tries to get a better job in some other department and they are not much interest in Banking Job. The most important reason behind this is the financial risk involved in the job, long stressful working hours compared to other govt. institutions and very less payment compared to what risk and stress they have in the service. Wage revision should be finalized in time. The PSU staff should be brought back in the ambit of Central Pay Commission as earlier in 1970s.
0 0 A lot many cases are pending with DRT. Due to delay, banks opt for compromises in which they lose a big share of the loan. Suggestion - A time line should be made for DRT i.e. 3 months/6months. The DRT should be bound to issue final orders in this time period only. Further there is also need for opening new DRTs so that cases are finalized in given time schedule.
0 0 A big amount of public money is being swept out by such businessmen fraudsters by way of compromise in the Bad Loan accounts. Suggestion – A system should be made in which the so called Bad Debts should be personally recovered from the owner/promoters assets. A system should be made for compromise, in which all the compromise settlements should be vetted by Ministry of Finance before it’s approval. A separate independent institution should be made for this which will vet all the proposals online
0 0 First of all the behavior of the staff should be friendly to customer. More and more services to be made easy and with less paper work. For example opening an MOD, RD account is very much cumbersome.
0 0 Must reduce wastage of forms available fr various job related to banking services. Staff of bank branch should be suitably rewarded who use less forms for max job. One customer waste av 3 forms fr 1 job. Or appoint someone who do the job for the customers. More mobile service fr banking. Loan above one crore to be awarded only if the business is failed bank has no problem in recovering the loan. Very stringent rules to be adopted for giving loan but if one qualifies loan to be disbursed quickly.
0 0 Govt should act only as Shareholder and not management and we should have 5 big banks and not so many banks and they should have esops and targets and private bank incentive structure
2 0 P3 Bankers must be given attractive salary in comparison to Central Govt Employees, as they are always surrounded with various risks. This will attract talented youths towards banking sector. Otherwise talents would run away from this sector, which may lead to financial crises in India.
0 0 P2 If any Govt is willing to waive Bank loans of poor farmers/entrepreneurs, such money should be credited directly in their loan accounts, so that Banks’ performance could not be affected adversely.
0 0 P1 Govt must deal strictly with defaulting borrowers, especially with willful defaulters, on behalf of Banks, to minimize bad loans and maximize profits. Only such recovery can be made by Govt with assistance of police & courts, as Banks have no effective tools to recover such loans.
0 0 First of all, The No of Banks (All PSBs, Old & New Private Banks) must be minimized to 10 or below. New bank licenses are not required but performance and facilities management techniques in customer service must be introduced and implemented at par with ISO standards. Pay & Allowances of the employees must be linked-up with their performance rankings. Bank employees must become qualified & professional within a time-limit. NPA a/cs must be dealt with serious concern by the Govt of India.
1 0 Attractive pay for qualified professional, bring professional work culture , reduce political interference , specialised men for specific work, inhance the talent of employees and give a free hand in certain fields, attractive salary and incentives schemes for employees, interference from state and national government should be minimised, good and friendly environment for customers and employee both, role of bank union should be minimised bcoz it's creates internal politics . profit only motive
0 0 Existing Bank Branches Can Do Wonders if Branches are Better Equipped with Manpower, Technology. Further Foot Falls in branches should be decreased by compulsory issuing the Estatement to Current A/c Holders on Daily Basis and Estatements to Savings A/c Holders on Monthly Basis. Thereby existing Setup can focus on unbanked citizens. Small Things counts a lot. There should also be KILL CASH Motto across the Banking Sector by Using Debit Cards and POS Terminals.
0 0 4. more professional/independent director in board 5. consolidation of bank to make only 5 with updated and shared data directly with RBI. 5. Grade promotion and make more accountable also in clerk and outsource of clerical work with fixed compensation like private bank.
0 0 1. The govt and RBI should make strategy to involve also local DM, SP,Court, lead bank to control the NPA and fraud account. Also the more independence should be given to bank, credit without influence and with proper appraisal.2.Bank should independent HR mgmt system to identify good talent and there should be performance linked pay and dedicated training to all.3. banker should have good salary and allowance for working far, more LFC and quarter,time bound and transparent transfer policy .
0 0 This indirectly affects the performance of the bank. being an employee when i visit the branch for a particular work i have been asked to visit many counters and still the work is not done. u can understand the case with a customer working into the branch. more young people need to be recruited to the bank.  so till work environment is not changed nothing can happen.
0 0 As being a banker the core problem is the attitude of the employees working. I have witnessed it myself. In our bank there are many employees who do not come on time and leave before time. They should be some computerized system which can capture their sign in sign out time. Sitting idle most of the time. Less work and more employees recruited. This is about the work environment. and if a particular person is doing his or her work honestly the seniors would give all the work to him.
1 0 Subsidiaries of State Bank of India like State Bank Of Patiala, State Bank of Hyderabad should be merged into another Bank of National Level called NATIONAL BANK OF INDIA with separate management to have competition with SBI. This will improve functioning of so many subsidiaries as branches of NBI. This will also reduce the cost of operation as merged entities will function as one group and share the Govt work with SBI. SBI will also improve as management will be shared.
0 0 1) Merge the existing plethora of PSB's to create few large Banks 2) Elevate work-culture & staff-quality of PSB's to the standard of private-sector Banks 3) Improve services of PSB's to make them increasingly user-friendly 4) Allow public to deposit their cheques at all PSB branches throughout India
0 0 SBI is doing a wonderful job in modernizing & streamlining operations. Private banks lack transparency; fleece the customers through undue deductions citing maintenance of minimum balance which is hefty, destroying cards issued citing they have not been taken in due time etc.These result in hefty profits with minimum transparency and boost financial indices. Tie up with private companies for salary payments; Govt. Banks should resort to it. Reduce NPAs through optimization. Follow SBI model.
0 0 All the branches should be come under external statutory audit without any advance limit and present limit of 20 crores advances should be removed.  The appointment of auditors for private and  nationalized banks should be done by RBI and this power should not be delegated to the banks concerned.  This independence makes an auditor to do his duties without any fear and help to find out the NPA and frauds in time for taking corrective steps.  External audit will help for good branch management.
0 0 Govt should transfer banks share to a Special purpose vehicle  board of professionals like K V Kamath, Deepak Parekh,Bimal Jalan , N R Narayan Murthy etc  to manage them with power to appoint & fire the top management, divest , merge  and regulate them as owner. This should go a long way to bring professional approach to these banks. Govt over a period of time can divest part ownership of this board.
0 0 4.The scheme of self assessment & assessing each other's performance is another important tool for improving efficiency. 5.Feedback of bank customers be obtained from time to time. 6.Non-performers not to be admonished in open.
0 0 1.Rotation of duties is the fundamental key to snub frauds & forgeries especially in the loans and advances  portfolios. This will definitely deter non-performance of funds & improve efficiency of employees also. 2.	Self assessment & assessing each other’s performance by employees themselves is another key area for improving efficiency. 3.	Time bound  targets for achieving certain goals in the field of Deposits, Advances, Recovery of bad loans be fixed & out performers appreciated publically
0 0 Private Banks are luring employees of public sector Banks by offering higher salary packages.  This is a Big threat to the performance of public sector banks as most skilled will shift to other banks leaving the very very less paid jobs of public sector Banks. Less salaries may be reason for committing frauds by Staff, taking bribes, and doing job with vested interests.  Govt should open eyes in this regard immediately. As Banks jobs are losing fame, no youngster will join Banks in future.
2 0 Public sector bank employees are least paid. Working conditions are very tough. Risk factor is very high. New generation not preferring to join Banks. Govt should have salary of bank employees in line with other other industries to attract new generation &deliver better results.
0 0 In the era of CBS and Internet still Government Departments, Income Tax Department also using cheques. Cheques and Drafts should be abolished to reduce manual Bank work, to make all the transactions through acts to pay applicable TAX, to save on stationery for printing cheques and drafts, to reduce manpower in Clearing Departments, to reduce even elec clearing. Using of currency to be minimised by implementing Card Swiping machines to arrest black money and to book all transactions for I.T.
1 0 Central KYC agency must be formed I/o all banks are creating their own KYC it will ease the a/c opening and will eliminate the possibility of opening multiple bank a/c's by professional fraudsters and loan defaulters.
1 0 The loan waiver scheme must be abolished, it gives a negative attitude  to good borrowers and always motivates to professional defaulters. for tough loans banks should park them in some other place to clean balance sheet, but must not be written off, for such type of loans their must be separate deptt in banks according to loan amount. Courts should have separate bank wing. Each branch must have dedicated officer for Sr Citizens.
0 0 Regarding devilish NPA: 1.Remove Agriculture sector upto 5 lacs, tiny industries from NPA bracket. 2.Extend CIBIL to all Banks including co-op Banks and NBFCs. 3.Stop opening of Metro and urban Branches of Pvt Banks and let them open Rural Branches. 4.Rationalise payment of salaries as per Performance. 5.Timely paid employees will perform better. 6.Customer complaints should have min fee, and fake complaintants should be punished with a fee. 7.Infrastructure of Auto Kiosks to be installed more.
0 1 SUNO YA NASUNO 1.First important step is to shift all oldage staff to the backoffice operations, where customer interactions are minimal. 2.Post young and entergetic staff at front line to deal the customers promptly in time. 3.All Staff should be well knwledged to deal the customer needs. 4.Burden on officers should be reduced by implementing fixed working hours and to implement shift system. 5.Facelifting of all premises. 6.And 5 day banking to reduce various expenses. 7.Employe more ladies.
1 0 Let banks do their bank job, not, as insurance agent, as politicians vote bank agent by forced govt sponsor schemes, as sebi agent, as sales point for various forms, & alike many other activities which are no where related to banking. Banks must have their own BANK POLICE like RPF. Too much audit and inspection load should be reduced. Govt funds must be distributed to banks evenly to reduce unhealthy competition & cost. Banker too need some dignity and salary revision in time and family time
0 0 Sir, Senior citizens above 65 yrs having problems in using ATMs/cheqes owing to shaking of hands and weak fingers control,apart from standing in long Q at ATMs. Secondly, some pensioners are  living with their sons/daughters away from the bank where they have a/c. It is therefore requested to permit them to draw pension from the same named bank from any town/city in India BY PASSBOOK also. Hence lacs of old aged pensioners will be benefited.Thanks Fm.9309466305
0 0 Improvement in PSU Bank - Award given by supreme court to Subrata Ray Sahara , all our big defaulter should be given exemplary award in the same way by Supreme court, if any agency having guts and determination like SEBI. Total NPA + Written Off till date+ Compromise till date with them, amount will be realised to the tune of Rs.10 lacs Crore. All top executive who sanctioned loan should also be kept with them for better realisation of these amount.
0 0 Improvement in PSU Bank - Jackpot prize - reduction in NPA. Present NPA of PSU Bank - 4 lac Cror (appx) - Provision amt - 2 lakh coroe. Non earning interest - 50,000 Cr annually, Sale to ARC - 80,000 Cr at throw away prices and expected loss to be borne by the seller bank at later on date due to non realisation of sold assets - 70,000 Cr. in the name of reduction of NPA huge incentive to Staff/Ex-staff/Recovery agent. Ritual payment to lawyers/court fees/DRT with net recovery option big ZERO
0 0 PSU bank should liberize the loan process for common citizen, people like big airlines where they are defaulter get loan easily where as common citizen not.  So lot of change required in PSU.
0 0 PSU Banks:- 1. Need transparency in their process. 2. Need to have customer representative who always help with smile to people for senior citizen and illeterate. 3. Lot of efforts to be made to understand for common citizen to understand the banking process. last week i opened by SBI account where i filled all form online only thing they need to assign account no. It took 3.5 hrs to open and complete by process. I think PSU bank staff need to trained again who to service customer.
1 0 1) PSU bank branches are subject to multiple audits through the year - concurrent, revenue, inspection, statutory, etc. A substantial amount of time is wasted in dealing with these cumbersome audits leading to inefficiency in other areas. The audits need to be reduced & rationalized using better control tools. 2) dedicated single point contact desks for senior citizens & premium account holders will enable better customer service and customer loyalty.
1 0 Minimum qualification for becoming an officer in bank is graduate and that too regular course but people get promoted to officer grade from award staff and sub staff without having these minimum qualification. Then how can the quality of work come since the officer cadre work requires that intelligence and lot of dev
0 0 Firstly, the banks should be provided with adequate staff. Almost all the branches which I have seen are under staff. secondly, loan waivers should be stopped. And if waiver has to be given then it should be given after seeing the track record of the borrower. Those who used to be prompt payer of loan were not given waiver and who defaulted were given waiver. Then why will any one pay there dues if the benefit will only for the defaulter. This, i have experienced in the agri borrowers.
0 0 REGARDS TO ALL ELDER BECAUSE YOU ALL I GOT THIS SPIRIT TO SAY TRUTH IN FRONT OF ANY BODY.
0 0 JUST CHECK THIS
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/BANKFORALL
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/BANKFORALL
0 0 WE HAVE TO SAVE COST TO BANK BECAUSE BANK PROFIT IS OUR PROFIT . USE DIGITAL WORK ,PLASTIC MONEY,NETBANKING,MOBILEBANKING, JUST TO PLAN PROPER SOME WE CAN HAVE 30 TO 50 CR NEW ACCOUNT IN A EASY MANNER PROJECT SHOULD BE PLANNED I HAVE AN IDEA JUST TO SHARE WITH OFFICIAL  WHO CAN DO SOME THING JUST WITH PERMISSION OF OUR PM SIR ONLY. PLEASE FORWARD MY REQUEST TO PM SIR I WANT THAT SOME GOOD PERSON HEAR MY SORROW AND FREE MY COUNTRY PEOPLES https://www.facebook.com/BANKFORALL
0 0 Time has come to do more of Smart Work rather than Hard work. Time saving techniques should be used. Cashier counting the currency should have currency counting and verification machine on his seat so that re-verification does not consume time. Online banking should be encouraged with no RTGS/ NEFT charges on transactions done online. This way, use of stationary and time can be avoided. Cash deposit machines should be used for cash tranx below 50,000
0 0 PRODUCT AND WORKING SHOULD BE DESIGN ON PRESENT CONDITION NOT ON 15 YEAR BACK PLANNING
0 0 https://www.facebook.com/BANKFORALL JUST CHECK I HAD STARTED THIS PAGE JUST NOT GET ANY OFFICIAL AUTHORITY PERSON CALL WHO CAN GIVE RESULT TO WORK
2 0 Banks should take charges for branch or cou ter services which are available through alternate channel also , like cash withdrawal by cash counter should be charged and from ATM is should be free unlimited.
1 0 There should be a sepearte loan recovery wing whos officer should have power equivelent to a judicial megistrate like in railway... if you caught without ticket, u r presented before rail megistrate without going througn a long procedure. Same way needed in banks
1 0 Govt decides that bank must approve a loan in this much of given time frame, But did they ever decided that how much of staffs must be provided for a given task to be comoleted in given time?????
1 0 If service tax and income tax is not exempted to an individual who faces seveare illness, firem burgulery etc then why loan borrowed by him is being compromised at lok adalats? Where does this loss goes to? Banks profit.. then before thinking about banks profit , first think about loan waiver and compromise policy
0 0 JUST CORRUPTION AND WORKING CAPACITY WILL INCREASE BY PROPER MANAGEMENT AND TRAINING ON ROAD NOT IN A/C ROOM JUST DEVELOP NEW SYSTEM NEW IDEA I AM NOT INVENTOR BUT MANY THERE JUST DEVELOP THAT DIGITAL WORK WITH OUT FORM SAVE TIME I HAVE FULL PROJECT FOR THAT JUST WANT ANY GOOD PERSON WHO CAN TAKE DECISION CAN HEAR THIS JUST 100% SURE IF THESE ALL REACH TO MR PM SIGHT HE WILL MAKE MY INDIA AS DREAM LAND AGAIN. I KNOW ONE DAY I HAVE CHAT WITH HIM AND HE WILL CHANGE MY COUNTRY IN AN +
0 0 + ACTUALLY I HAVE A PLAN THAT GIVE REVOLUTION TO OUR ECONOMY JUST WE WILL GROW ONLY TOGETHER JUST THIS SPIRIT SHOULD COME IN OUR 125 CR HEART THEN ONLY WE CAN CHANGE OUR COUNTRY IN AN YEAR THIS ALL CAN BE DONE ONLY TOGETHER
1 0 Minimum numbers of staffs must be decided by govt before opening a new branch or running a branch to ensure quality service to customers
0 0 JUST PLAN A RULE TO GOVERNMENT  JOB PERSON MONTHLY AUDIT AND TIME PERIOD TRACK OF PERFORMANCE . WHAT HE IS DOING WITH VIDEO CAM RECORDED DATA. WEEKLY REPORT ONLINE .VIDEO DAT UPLOAD ON GOVERNMENT SITE WITH VIDEO SO REALITY COME IN-FRONT OF ALL. JUST PLAN GOOD WITH LEGAL WORKING THEN ONLY RESULT WILL COME. I HAVE FULLY PLAN THAT CAN GIVE US 30 CRORE NEW BANK ACCOUNT WITH LEAST COST. I AM FINANCIAL AD-VISOR SOME KNOWLEDGE OF MONEY MARKET INSTRUMENT,LIQUID MONEY SO I CAN CHALLENGE HOW +
1 0 In a bank, whenever RBI or govt asks to do something special, bank management simply designates same officer of branch for all task like, a 2 months newly joined officer is responsible for loan recovery, account opening, TDs recovery, DD issuing, ATM related issue, PMLA implementation, KYC compliance, and many more with daily 200+ customer dealings. Just because he is designated as officer admin incharge. This much of work pressure will definitly degrade the quality of service to customers
0 0 PSU banks today are performing with exceptional efficiency , giving tough fight to Their Private sector counterparts. Yet , there are two areas where PSU bank employees are at a distinct advantage : 1) The saleary structure od PSU bank employees is comparable neither with private sector banks nor with other Govt .departments. A correction in this anamoly is long overdue and would help motivate lakhs of employees working with bruised egos. 2) Post retirement benefits should also be at par
0 0 Regional rural Banks should be strengthened to cater the Banking needs of Rural India.2The branches PSBs in rural should be merged in RRB..3RRBs should be brought under one national umbrela organisation for better management.3Be delinked from sponsor Banks.4Govt should subsidise them for non viable social banking .5 Commercial Banks should do commercial banking only..Salary and working hours be defined and regulated.
0 0 JUST CHECK THIS HOW INDIA I RUINING BY UNEDUCATED PEOPLE  PERSON DONT SUPPORT OTHER JUST HE IS ONLY GREAT I HAD CALLED AROUND 1 TO 2 MONTH REGARDING THIS CHANGE BUT THIS IS THE SYSTEM OF INDIA . I AM UN NOT SOO INTELLIGENT WHERE ARE ALL 125 CRORE PEOPLE JUST THERE IS NO SCHOLARS WHO CAN GIVE NEW WAY. LIKE OUR PM SIR. JUST SAYING THE ONE IMPORTANT THINGS THAT I HAD LEARNED FROM ALL YOU ELDER REVOLUTION IS MANAGED BY TEAM AND MASS THEN ONLY RESULT COME JUST MANAGE THE REVOLUTION. OF BANK
1 1 Why every thing like account opening form, passbook, etc are free for customers.? Cant we charge at least rs 1 for each form, so that banking cost could go down? Govt always compare public banks with pvt for profit earnings.but never see that its only pblic banks who is serving in remote areas, and that too in very less service charges as compaired to pvt banks.
0 0 THE SYSTEM HAS TO BE CHANGE LIKE YOUR GREAT PM IS WORKING I HAD JOINED CSP BUT THERE I HAD SEEN NGO ARE JUST FOOLING AND TORTURING PEOPLE AND SBI I ALSO JUST EARNING FROM PEOPLE NOT SUPPORTED COMMON MAN BECAUSE I OUR INDIA SYSTEM SHOULD BE  NOT MANAGE PROPERLY
1 0 There should be departments at branch level , so that when a custmer visit a branch, any employee cant ask him to move to next table. All social banking should be done through social wing of banks and commercial through commercial wing. Their should be a bank court in every district for fast and quick recovery of bad loans. As laws are made to ensure credit facility to citizens, similary laws must be made to ensure loan recovery.
1 0 Let all public government sector banks to use ATMs of each other and this will help increase number of ATMs and reach to the public. Banks can decide with each other and share the price among each other, this will save billions of rupees of public sector banks, increase ATM counts, increase security.
0 0 The one important factor affecting PSBs is its transfer policy.They are posting natives of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar in Tamilnadu purpose best known to them .(Worst example transfer posting in Indian Bank: Every year one transfer and that too north indiaans in south )2. In very risky banking operational work staff is asked to work late and on holidays also.Salary of a clerk competiting all india competion is less than a sweeper of state govt.Bank management is stereotype not ready to open eyes.
0 0 Wages should be revised for workmen to attract the young blood.Human resource management should be more active. And should use the IT platform to reduce the cost of recruitment. Say for example if person is not reporting on the given date then we should not wait for next cycle to for recruitment. he should be contacted through email and phone and if he is not interested to join .waiting list should be issued as soon as possible. And the required number of staff should be required immediately.
1 1 SBI has the best online banking platform, let all other banks also use the same online platform. For instance Bank Of India has the worst online website. Why not let Bank of India also use the same web platform as SBI? This will help attract customers to use online facility more than the physical branches.
0 0 (1) Please consider customer satisfaction as an important criterion in assessing job performance of bank employees. (2) If possible please recruit employees only on contract basis. Permanent jobs make human beings lazy, rude and arrogant. (3) Seek suggestions from local people about their specific needs and expectations from the bank. (4) Kindly instruct bank staff to make manual entries in registers when computers do not work, or when Internet does not work.
0 0 1. All public sector banks should be consolidated in five Nation Banks.2        there should not be multiple bank branches in same city. For example there are 28 bank branches in very small town like Pratapgarh and customers are cheating banks facing cut throat competition.3Regional Rural Banks should be consolidated in a single entity and they should be made pioneer in rural banking.4Staff including officers upto Scale3 Should be posted in same state.5.Salary etc should be at par entral govt.
0 0 An effective complaint handling system is essential for banks. Banks today have no system to handle customer complaints. Whatever namesake system they have it only makes customers frustrated. Bureau of Indian Standards has published a standard on Complaint Handling Management System - IS/ISO 10002: 2004. Banks should adopt and implement this standard in their working. Believe me, it will improve the performance of banks. http://scg-24yrs.blogspot.in/2014/06/isiso-10002-2004-guidelines-for.html
2 0 Banks top executives today are more worried about profits rather than social service every quarter lot of pressures on branch managers to achieve targets.very less stress on improving customer satisfaction.only rich customers are treated well and others just for the sake of it. Banker's salary also needs urgent decent growth to keep their morale high
3 0 (1) Govt. should post CMD and EDs of PSBs from within the Bank to ensure better understanding. (2) Indian Bank Association should be strengthened to make uniform policies with regard to recruitment, promotion, transfer and posting of Bank employees/officers. Govt. should issue instructions in this regard through IBA only to ensure uniformity. (3) Wages of Bank-men should be linked with other PSU employees/ Central Govt.  (4) Non payment of Bank dues should be declared as criminal offence.
0 0 Every Public Sector bank has failed to arrest the issue of retaining new blood in banking industry. Human Resource is the biggest Asset of any organization. As per reports half of the banking staff is set to retire in next 2-3 years. Presently, every bank is opening more and more branches but recruitment is not done with the same pace. In order to reduce to the attrition rate Govt. must ensure early & respectable wage revision of Bank employees to attract new blood into banking industry.
1 0 1) make 5 days working culture. 2) provide infrastructure required and manpower required which have skills and not just for sake of putting on papers and of no help. 3) bring 360 feedback mechanism to evaluate seniors also. 4) increase salaries so that enthusiasm and zeal is there and attrition lowers.5) bring vrs for 55 plus and replace immediately with young people.6) young educated new joinees should be giving signing power at clerical level. 6) increased use of technology and reduce paper .
0 0 Every bank account should provide a checking and savings accounts. Checking account will be used for all purchases and savings account will be used for saving the money to savings account under same bank account
0 0 Technology is fast penetrating into every sector and banking is not an exception. Given that future of banking is going to be even more dominated by technology, it is important to a) create a shared vision for banking industry in general & identify those performance measures to drive efficiencies. other suggestions include b) Like a food court, PSBs may form Bank Court for sharing infra costs, c) common credit cards d)appoint banking facilitators to speed up processing of industrial financing
1 0 all redundent laws are now under process of removal. but the law which should be scrapped with lighting speed is secrecy law in bank. all defaulter of bank loan money should be shown on regular basis in Radio/TV and print media. 50 big defaulter of all PSU Bank should be honoured by our Govt for best men of the country for looting public.
1 0 for improving performance of psu banks, need to   recover corporate  debt & EARLY WAGE SETLEMENT  10 th BPS  SETTLEMENT
0 0 a then overnight all sick PSU bank make a handsome profit and may even cross the profit shown by Pvt sector bank. We Indian have to also take a pledge that money taken from Bank should be repaid honestly. Our right hand is cheating left hand. Right hand wants his money should be safe and left hand want to loot as much as possible. can a country can survive with such way of working. all court and DRT should work specially on Holidays and give the judgement and any stay should be by Supreme Court
0 0 to bring improvement inPSU bank, our Sleeping agencies like Finance Ministry, court, DRT all have to wake up and work for at least 48 hours in a day of 24 hours. NPA and restructured assets called stressed asset is nearly 8-10 lakh crores amount and which do not earn interest and again PSU bank have to make a provision for such amount, again  denting profit of Bank. If steps are taken for recovery of such big amount with the full cooperation of all including top Bank official and Big Businessmen
0 0 Few suggestions for discussion 1. Too many policies for banks, now it is controlled by RBI, Finance Ministry, IBA, Rural Department, ED, FEMA etc controlling part should be seen by only RBI or Fin. Ministry in relation to all aspect.. 2. Bank will do only banking work other work should not handed over to bank. 3. freedom of work should be given to Bank Staff. 4. salary revision is pending 5. corruption at higher level to be curve 6. Political appointment should be avoid.
0 0 No. of employees should be increased and retention policy should be defined. Govt and bank should look after employee satisfaction so that candidates do not leave job after joining. Unnecessary transfers make candidates think of leaving job, this should be corrected. I think this will also reduce the cost of bank.
1 0 Young people should be employed to increase efficiency.banks should be given limits to open number of bank accounts per branch.more number of accounts in one branch and less staff will decrease efficiency automatically.more branches should be opened by studying the population density of an area.income tax,sales tax,pension and other government payments should be through net banking.parking space for customers should be taken care of.sitting,wash room,drinking water arrangements should be there
2 0 no follow up is being made by govt.whether the circular relating to female employees transfer has been implemented by the banks or not.
0 0 Banks should be asked to implement the govt. policies. the tendancy in banks is that try not to implement the policies if they are favouring employees. that may be relating to physically hadicapped or posting of female employees or anything else. if that policy is in favour of employees, then they make all out efforts not to implement those policies. Such attitude of management demoralizes the staff and you can not expect better services from demoralized staff.
0 0 all Public Sector Bank's data should be interconnected so that any work at any branch of any bank can be performed.
0 0 number of single window counters should be increased so that small deposits and withdrawals can be performed faster and the problem of standing in lines will be decreased.
1 1 total restructuring of banking sector will help... Customers and employees, both should know what is to be done by whom, at what seat and how. Most employee say that this is not their work. I think even they are correct some time, because banking sector is so wide that a single person cannot perform all duties of banking. Also, I have observed that bankers are not satisfied with their job. reason can be their low salary and high risk involved with their duties, undefined working hours.
1 0 transfer policy in banks needs consideration. normal practice prevailing is that if the staff is not posted at his/her home town, then  he/she will sit late in office and will work more. while the actual scenario is totally different. A person living away from his/her family, feeling lack of emotional and social security, lack of happiness, how can provide service happily. moreover, a person is well conversant with the local people of his place and can understand their mentality and serve better
0 0 Biggest crisis are 1) loaning staff no well paid, they take the most risky transactions of the system at the same pay even less pay......how a 30000 earning  person take a decision or 3,00,00000 or even bigger 2) loaning staff are most punished staff by banks vigilance systems for good decisions taken by them going unsuccfull due to other reasons......so no staff want to go to loaning department....... Their is no motivational act .... Their is only fear, negative feeling of hang down....
0 0 Even though we have all unique and advanced technologies and improvements to the highest level, all will fail within a minute if we are not realizing the Customer Service and Satisfaction. If the employees don't change their mindset towards this, Please implement like Automated System such as ATM,Online Facilities which Indian Citizens no need to see this kind of attitude people. All the improvements and tech have in this world, only bring and implement properly to the citizens. Tks
3 0 1) govt should clearly decide public banks are for profit earning or politics votes r for economic development 2) banking hours are highly undecided normally 10 to 7pm 3) by govt put all their plans to psu and not on private sector 4) salary is on vry low side
0 0 Public sector banks & all the Govt. offices have to work at least half day on Sunday also to improve their overhaul efficiency, like Private sector. all the transaction on saving bank accounts to be free to attract customers because now a days all works are on line, so that people can attach with public sector banking, Banks have to develop a very secure online services so their cost of per transaction can be reduce, people can avail such banking facilities from their homes & ATM.
1 0 Dear Modi ji,  please solve these problems: 1) salary settlement of 8 lac staff is pending since last 2 years @40%. 2) why private banks are not given non productive tasks like Jan dhan, aadhar card,  sponsor loan case 3) banking sector is facing staff shortage crisis 4) why any support was not given toh banks for opening 7.5 lakh ac 5) banks are only way to get vote counts 6) 80 % npa of banks is of govt sponsored loan cases
0 0 Even banks can finance a people at very small percentage of interest who ar interested to sell vegetable & fruits in Laari, I mean a very small level of Business, instead of to give loans to large business group & after some years they hang their hands that our business is in loss now I can't pay money. instead of taking action to give amount to small people we can increase the un employment.  It's most necessary that our public sector banks have to trained their staff for respectful behaviour.
0 0 Sir, Working hour in bank should be clear, there fore, employee will work far better, without sitting late. Due to late sitting by some officer, junior have to sit late, this lead banking expense high. work should demand on reasonable level and accountability level should be clear in para meter of work load. If work is over loaded, mistake will be happen. This should be avoid in public sector bank. Govt should have clear stand for recovery of big bad loan (corporate loan).
0 0 When banks are going to finance some amount of Finance for a large cap & med. cap business then bank management has to just see that is it a good decision to finance a person or not instead of known social & political leader, or don't finance a person who can be cruel or can offer bribe, just see that a person is able to do business & can pay back or not because those money belongs to Bharaty public.
1 0 The public sector bank policies are designed to uplift the poor people and every body should get the banking services.  But the banks could not earn on the services.  At the same time work pressure will be doubled.  The staff are posted to the branches as per the business figures.  In rural areas only so much of avenues are available to the banks.  The rural people avail the loans in Rural branches and save their earnings in Urban branches. They hope that the loans will be waived after some time
0 0 All small & local banks shall be merge in SBI & force SBI to open their branches even in very small area with a very co operative staff team & with maximum technology & minimum employee with flexible policies foe customer, force the banks, customers & entrepreneur to use plastic money instead of cash notes. such localised & Govt banks have to strictly follow the rules & policies for big amount of finance to a person to save public money & earn their trust.
0 0 with Windows 7 or above which has for efficient recovery mechanism
0 0 help the local customers in getting bank services..eg I have seen people running around to fill a form as they are not able to do so due to lack of knowledge about banking terms.  Banks should notify the customers about changes in rules through mass media.  procedures for loans should be simplified so that customers will get loans in time.  this step would  reduce the dependence on money lenders.  Frequent computer system failures is a waste of time. Either the system can be loaded with conti
0 0 Sir .. Banks should become a friend to the customer.  public sector banks do not have enough personnel to handle the work and existing employees are overburdened with work which leads to low quality of work.  recruitment process needed to speeded up to address this problem.  Customer service is not friendly.  here the officials on the whole need to work towards maintaining good customer relations.  apart from these customer service professional from the locality so that he may be able to conti
0 0 PLEASE RESTRICT THEIR PRESS adventures. on 22 feb 2012,media had reports that, SBI led consortium will bailout the Kingfisher airlines,  http://businesstoday.intoday.in/story/kingfisher-airlines-get-rs-1500-cr...  the very next day the SBI shares fell by almost 8% ( http://profit.ndtv.com/news/market/article-sensex-falls-283-points-sbi-p... ), the govt of india must have lost billions of rupess the chairman later denied this, PLEASE FIX THE RESPONSIBILITY.
0 0 The bank board chairman etc are to be appointed  having good ,honest people with high integrity with full knowledge of banking  especially credit appraisal  to analyze the big proposals  . There should not be any political interference in respect of large borrwers/proposals for big advances. The huge NPas  are the result of Corrupt officials /chairmen of banks . Strict monitoring of big advances is a must. The banks charging for using ATms should be withdrawn.There is no logic behind it.
0 0 Once there was not any ATM charges. But when people are habituated using ATM's , banks are steadily increasing and charging for ATM transactions. I feel this is cheating. Banks are earning lots and saving there man power expenses by installing ATM, then why this ATM charges?.
0 0 The executives in government sector banks specially in WB should rarely be give home state postings. Even non-executives in any 1 branch should not be more than 10%. This is reason for slackness and non customer oriented activities in WB and such other states. This will also stop localized corruption in the branches
0 0 It is with deep anguish and agony one finds year after year some banks and insurance companies which get ET/HT/TOI/BL/ dailies awards only because they sponsor their event/conference and not because of their actual performance/service;  many PSB/PS Insurance companies adopt such unhealthy/illegal practice of sponsoring conference/seminar/event to get some best performer/best customer service/best HR Practices which does not reflect the true picture this is only to promote the bank top management
0 0 It is true that banks have adopted latest technology, practices but still they lag behind private sector and foreignbanks because of our HR Practices and Poor Wages and Welfare Conditions which are not commensurate with Pvt/Foreign banks operating in India; infact we are all way behind Central and State Govt servants, College Professors/Lecturers this anomaly has to be immediately set right; Payment of Bonus/Gratuity to be amended to suit the present day needs; This will motivate bankers greatly
0 0 I have uploaded as JPEG
0 0 1) use advance Technology 2) some banks are not working properly (less customers) better to merge them 3)employees must be Friendly (now employees were so angry) 4) In order to avoid 3 option reduce work pressure 5) reduce retirement age( employment will increases) 6) In order to increase funds in Banks better to implement low payment insurance schemes in PSB 7) avoid mis communication 8) try to reduce the govt involvement ( give some freedom to Higher authority take decisions)
0 0 . # there are several credit rating agencies are in India viz crisil,cibil,unifax,experian,icra etc. I am not aware of whether their servers are interlinked with each other agency, if  not  then compulsory should be interlinked so that banker can get benefited to access for all credit agencies. This prevents lending additional loans to willful defaultors of another bank.# strict rules to be put In practice so borrower should not default to pay back his debts.
0 0 . # there are several credit rating agencies are in India viz crisil,cibil,unifax,experian,icra etc. I am not aware of whether their servers are interlinked with each other agency, if  not  then compulsory should be interlinked so that banker can get benefited to access for all credit agencies. This prevents lending additional loans to willful defaultors of another bank.# strict rules to be put In practice so borrower should not default to pay back his debts.
0 0 #unfortunate thing is banker can get credibility of a person who demands loan by just keying in his name (there will be N number Of list of a same names which is most difficult to find out whether this data is pertaining to same only) which can not be said the data generated is pertaining to right person unless pan card card is made mandatory to get credit ratings.
0 0 #first and foremost thing is to be done is any one thing it may be adhaar card or pan card (preferably pan card ) should be made mandatory to open an account in any nationalised bank .say if pan card is made mandatory for account opening then whatever transactions takes place will be traced out easily by income tax officer this generates more income to govt from those persons who finds various tricks to evade tax.
0 0 Come with schemes where you own tractors rent it out to the farmers and collect rents, sell second hand tractors, fund innovation projects that convert other auto mobiles to farm equipment with tillers and other equipment fitted to them to reduce the cost and compete with tractor like capital goods. Procure interest rate on loans in terms of grains and use these grains for commodity exchange operations by setting up futures based derivative contracts on exchanges so that farmer and banks benefit
0 0 By not allowing market rates for farmers produce we are not creating infrastructure in rural india to help retail and farm links to be established by private players in the agricultural sector which could lead to more people supporting a difficult task dependent on uncertain weather and poor capital and poor technology. The farmers are unable to pay back their loans, their  suicide deaths, and poor soil health is because we are not spotting those opportunities to work in tandem with them.
0 0 Banks must be careful and should get alarmed when something is given for free. If we give something for free to unidentified people and say we are funding poor people, we will in my opinion end up creating more poor people. Nobody has the intention to steal a poor man's food. I appreciate the prime minister's PMJDY scheme, but the previous governments subsidy culture has undermined labour rates and prices paid to farmers by not allowing market value determination for their produce.
0 0 A bank can go profitable only when it ends up lending almost all of its lending capital which stiff competition so that customers get at lower rates of interest due to competiting peers and to avoid cut throat competition they become sector specific and ensure the sector has adequate number of competitive players. All the above activities will lead to healthy capital utilization and help achieve a more sound framework for sound monetary policy. This is my opinion please validate with RBI.
0 0 PSU should question all subsidy and free programs and should not question about farm loans. PSUs are in my opinion in trouble because of their funding the previous governments non profitable programs. Banks must designate the directors to carry out due diligence and surveys to ensure that the proposed business plan can result profit  or not. I am not sure if they did that during the UPA days. Kingfisher,MNREGA, and spending has not lead to profit and has cost more than farm loan worth 10000 cror
0 0 We must lend to aviation sector which is very competitive and challenging. We must help an airline that is distressed at distressed time which clear profitability contracts. In the case of spice jet they have to increase their flight capacity and be given more powers to choose their own routes of operations and decide how to become profitable and set terms for return of payments and interests accordingly.If they keep giving some discount and compete for giving discounts then results expected bad
0 0 Banks will only improve in the employees are happy. whe nbankers when they are happy they will do their duty whole heartedly and the bank will flourish. If they are not happy they still do work but curse the bank management mentally. and if an employee cursesbank from the bottom of the heart then there is no question of the improvement of the bank.
0 0 In bank all the staffs i.e. Officer or Clerks should be covered under one REGULATION or ACT. there should not be different type of rules for them. Because, now the clerks at the post of Special Assistant are getting more salary than the Branch Manager. So all should be equal.
0 0 PSU bank should take steps to reduce their NPA. They should verify properly before offering load with CIBIL history. They should able collect money and take necessary legal action when it find people in defaulter list. People thinking that govt. bank never bother about defaulter and never serious about money refund. That's why people taking unnecessary advantage by misusing.
2 0 ATM in all branches is ONLY IN PAPERS, in reality nothing is there. Myself a Banker, a branch manager, but my branch has no ATM. Govt should ensure in true sense that the same is installed in all the brances. for this the govt should take CERTIFICATE from the CMDs of the Bank.
1 0 Instead of so many qualifying candidates in IBPS why the nimber is so less. The employees are not considered human beings. Only banking is a sector where the corruption is less than minimum. but yet bankers are crushed in such a less salary. Other govt staff enjoy more salary and do less work. Now its a time when the british rules should be reformed.The bankers are ready to work but they should be considered humans not machine or animals. conti.....
0 0 Banks are now struggling with NPA. This is the right time to take stringent action and laws against the defaulters (especially willful defaulter). Otherwise time will come banks will fall. Further, the rules for all banks should be same. PSC target is for only nationalized bank and there is no such target for private banks. They are achieving the PSC target by investing in Govt Bonds, where as nationalized banks are struggling by funding govt schemes, which in future becomes NPA.
0 0 We need to increase the no of people in a bank branch. If i take an example of SBI bank, IFSC Code: SBIN0010905, there are only 4 people working including branch manager. Then how they will provide service to customers. We need too d more recruitment to fill the vacancies across all PSU banks. At least 10-12 people should be present including security people in typical PSU bank branch depending upon the capacity and no of customers.
0 0 There is no security guard, CCTV camera at most of PSU bank ATM. Sometimes the ATM doors are not working. Anyone can enter without any security verification. If ATM connectivity fails then it takes one day to restore. That says how the PSU bank is serious about their customers.
0 0 The NPAs have increased so much that its very hard to recover. More over willfull defaulters have increased. One has money but they are not willing to repay. Mallya is just one example. Strong rules and regulations should be made. Reforms are needed. I dont understand till when will we carry the burden of the british made rules. Not only in banking case. Thirdly most improtant point the employees are crushed because the number of employees are less. conti.....
0 0 The grievance, feedback and suggestion portal of PSU bank need to improved and seriously followed. From my personal experience in state of Odisha, Cuttack city, Tangi Branch , whenever you write a mail to any branch or officer then you will never get a response. Forget about auto acknowledgement. Same is customer care. These no never connected and if connected no one response properly and doesn't resolve your issue. I don't understand why PSU bank has given so many emails and no in their site.
0 0 The nationalised banks have become sick because they are too many in number. Merging of the banks is very important. Our banks are not able to compete with the foreign banks. There should be only 4 gov banks. purvi bhartiya bank with HQ at Kolkata, paschimi bhartiya bank Hq atMumbai, Uttari bhartiya bank with hq at Delhi and Dakshini Bhartiya bank with HQ at Chennai. after the merger the banks will become strong and they will be able to compete with foreign banks.    conti.....
1 0 For betterment of PSBs first the bank should empower their staff and train them as a professional, minimum government maximum governance policy to be implement in banking while appointment of top executive in banks and sanctioning a bulk loan to corporates. The HR policies in PSBs is poor I.e. Appraisal system and pay structure it has to be revised as per international standard, top appointment from industry not only from same banks, technology in banking should be upgraded and secured.
0 0 Good Evening. Introducing Myself, I am N.S.Prakash, Working as an Accountant in a reputed Hotel. All the facilities are good as per my knowledge/I have seen, but the case of deposits, we have to wait for long time until No. will  comes. All PSB's can introduce the cash deposit machines to make the customers easy cash deposit facility alongwith counters, which I have not seen yet.
0 0 Non techno-savy staff should be either offer to complete basic course of bank related work or asked to resign from the job and give opportunity to young generation.
1 0 Banks works is increasing day by day due to bank computerization and less staff. avoiding all this pressure of work the banker is doing his work with honestly and calmly and give their customer full satisfactory services and made customers happy. but according to bankers ability and status they are not happy with their salary. when banker will happy only then they will give happiness to customers. why there is differences in salary of PSU bank and central govt. as both are working for govt. therefore my special request to you that please arrange the salary pay same as central govt. if salary improve the performance of the employee then this will automatically and definitely improve the performance of the banks.
0 0 PSU Bank should use IOT (Internet of Things), digital platform, mobile platform to increase their efficiencies and be reachable to every other persons. They should think their customer first and maintain their values like private banks. There should be proper review and performance audits by governments to find out root cause of various issues.
2 0 We need to remove old people who has served more 20 years and offer them VRS. There should be new young generation people recruited who can co-op with latest technologies and automated banking systems. The best example is State Bank, PNB bank at any remote small town and village areas where people don't know the use of computer and they are just doing in their own way without bothering banking customers.
1 0 Uneducated  people are more suffering due to lack of banking knowledge to do their day to day work thru banking. All branched dealing in remote /village area need to appoint 1 to 2 customer assistant who is really helpful to people, not only because of banks/govt policy to appoint such staff. villages not having bank in nearby area, can be given mobile van facility by visiting particular day in area as decided and need of the villagers. Making profit should not be the motto of at least PSB's,
0 0 The public sector bank should give more focus on - 1) Better customer service 2) More user friendly internet and mobile portals 3) Effective working employes who can serve customer better 5) Upgraded IT and non-IT infrastructure 6) More branches and ATM in remote areas 7) Hiring better people by providing good salary etc. We need to do case study why people prefers private institutions instead of government. The reason is that quality of service provided by private where customer is first.
0 0 Private banks  are hiring lower cadre local  staff at very cheap rate ,totally on contract but if the same is done by PSBs all labour laws are coming in force .Why not same playing field is available to PSBs,What we can do is that make a pool of people who are ready to do Jobs-through Job exchange-they will pass certain exams- banks can employe for wheever they needs them for temporary  needs.
1 0 To enhance the productivity of Public Sector Banks few points I want to suggest like : 1.Implement Compulsory Retirement Scheme for Senior resources. 2.Introduce Performance Appraisal System with true letter and spirit. 3. Based on consistent non performance some exemplary action need to be taken against the non-performing staffs which can be an eye-opener for the other employees. 4.Bank should focus on Maximum per customer cross sell.It should be minimum 8 Product per customer.
1 0 Private banks are only profit making  and they  cross sales a lot of financial products which  actually only designed for benefit of banks and having higher commission to staff.In contrary PSBs which can be used to cater all financial needs of people of  India are lacking due to less staffs .
0 0 A boost in the banking industry is also expected from the rising per capita income in India, which along with a growth in the earning population of the country will lead to a higher number of people utilising banking services ,and this growth is expected to come for the people in general who according me would want to keep there hard earned money with PSBs  only  as it is hard earned money  and people trust PSBs as ithey are backed by GOV and for PSBs Peole are first Profit is secondry
0 0 The Indian banking sector has high growth potential, primarily due to proposed high growth of the country’s economy, as compared to other developed nations.Therefore, it is also essential to analyse the growth drivers of the industry  as if we can develope and explore the potentials believe me this has the ability to change indias economic  future  and global status of India.
0 0 Third one is due diligence should be made while lending. Banks must be allowed to work on their own. Bureaucratic or political pressure must not be put on banks while lending. This may result in increase of NPA's.
1 0 to save cost towards printing, preserving, moving cheque. Govt now encourage moving payment through NEFT/RTGS. ECS and Cheque payment should be stopped. NEFT/RTGS payment should be made cost free. frauds through cheque committed can be eliminated and recipient of fund will get superfast credit. return of cheque/ecs will be eliminated. Bankers can save 8000 - 10000 Cr per year in printing/preserving/clearing cheque and stationery.
0 0 The next thing is control the power of unions. They shouldn't be allowed in administration related works and decision making functions. They can take active part when something wrong doing is happening or some injustice is done to anyone but not in important decision making process.
0 0 I want to say some points on my personal experience with public sector banks. In most of the banks the staff are emphathetic towards the customers. In most cases they are very rude(I personally experienced in ANDHRA BANK). They doesn't care about customers issues. Very lazy towards the work. This makes the customers restless which is not in case of pvt banks. The most important thing in this competitive world is best service. First PSB's has to improve that.
1 0 to create healthy working enviornment there should be proper Delegation of Authority to subordinates.every customer & everystaff of Bank must be Digitally Literate. small course of banking are also offered to the new youngsters working in banks to suit the banking enviornment. personal grooming and soft skill development programs must be organised.Banking Awareness programs must be organised for entire staff of bank and customers.
1 0 To increase the efficiency of bank staffs,there should be adequate manpower to serve.Recruit more youngsters in bank. There should be Fixed working hours for all banks.They are working in the late nights also. so they are getting frustrated to customers. Their pay is much lesser than central govt staffs, strikes must be avoided by increase pay structure with central govt staffs. Their pay comn may be combined with 7 th CPC. Pass books may be digitalised. ATM old system be continued to avoid rush
1 0 Sir,we know that many banks are on 2nd,3 or even more upgraded floor which is not accessible to old person(due to their age) and physically handicap person that is very typical for them to take stairs.Can we provide the facilities that bank reach to them through their representatives or employees to their customer and it also enhance the business of banks and new jobs in India and also enhance our countries GDP and accessible to old person. Agar hum apno ka khayal nhi rakhenge to kon rakhega....
0 0 Moreover the bank staffs should be well dressed with proper I'd cards in  there neck as like private bank employees. There should be proper arrangement for the que in the brabch. Public dealing must be done to correct 5 o clock so that it will decrease the work load of the bank staffs. As well as it enhance the satisfaction of customers
0 0 Create an awareness to the people in all parts of the country regarding the importance of Public sector banks. In my view there is no special budget need to allocate for this thing because create a mandatory responsibility to a government employee that spreading this in Rural areas in his week end plan.
1 0 The first thing which a bank should be acknowledged about the cleaness  and mainteness. Most of the branches are not up to mark therefore there must be a cleaning superviser or officer in each branch who will not only take care of cleaness but also responsible for the proper maintainece of each machinery and materials used in a particular branch. This will help to cater those high class customers who generally do not prefer to visit the branch due to unhygienic environment.
1 0 Process of documentation for giving bank loan, opening of bank account etc should be announced. since now with the help of aadhar card bank account should be opened. by writing only aadhar card number in the account opening form. Even joint account holder and nomination may be accepted by Addhar card number only. Loan account document should contain only loan amount, rate of interest, repayment schedule etc. Bulk documents should be obtained in the electronic form. easy to preserve.no limitation
1 0 Please arrange to  introduce Chip-n-Pin Pass books for SB A/C holders and install ATM cum Pass book printer at the branches as quickly as possible.. It will benefit customers as well as improve the bank bottom line by utilising the services of staffs assigned to print pass books.
1 0 In order to achieve complete financial inclusion goal in our country govt should allow banks and assign every one a responsilibility to do a job. There should be a qualitive suuport from the bank employees and a dedicated team of people should be assigned tasks.  Governance issues shold be dealt immediately in a bank.
1 0 consolidation of banks especially associate banks with SBI and small publicsector banks with large one to become world players at the same time run the bank profitably with service motive
1 0 Dear sir i am sugesting followng sugestions 1.First of all we should make stringent laws to control the NPA's. 2.While giving free hand for corporate credit we should make frame work to not allow them to escape as the major portion of Npa's are because of them not because of poor farmers. 2.We should make the public sector banks attractive by providing good infrastructure and robust software. 5.Finally we should motivate employees by giving good work conditns and better wages.
1 0 The biggest problem I see with banks is their very bureaucratic way of working and approach to customers.  This happens even at branch level, leaving not only customers but also the bank staff frustrated and pushing them towards private sector banks, where the work culture is much better, though prone to several hidden charges.  I have personally experienced how a good and proactive branch manager is able to keep customers happy, thereby increasing the deposit collection multifold.
1 0 Dear sir I am providing some suggestions to improve performance of public sector bank 1. Provide micro finance (i.e. finance up to rs. 1 lakh to skilled person) 2. Recruit more bank mitra to cover rural area 3. set up passbook printing machine to all branch 4. provide training to customer how to use net banking 5. make effective phone banking service 6. set up seprate  Insurance selling counter 7. celebrate festivals with customer 8. to sale premium no. curriency note (i.e.000786)
1 0 1.RECRUITMENT OF SUFFICIENT MAN POWER WHICH THE BANKING INDUSTRY IS FACINGI.E.HUGE CRUNCH OF STAFF SINCE SUCCESS OF ALMOST ALL GOV SPONCER SCHEME DIRECTLY RELATED TO BANK AND BANKING INDUSTRY IS ALREADY UNDER THE HEAVVY PRESSURE OF WORK LOAD DUE TO MAINTAINANCE VARIOUS REGULATRY COMPLIANCE AND CSR RESPONCIBLITY AND MASS BANKING 2.REATINING/ATTRACTING  OF GOOD TALENT FOR THE BANKING JOB BY OFFERING REASONABLE SALARY OR AT LEAST  AT PAR WITH CENTRAL GOV EMPLOYEE .DUE TO LOW WAGE AND HEAVVY WORK LO
1 0 Investments ,which give senior citizens,a rate of interest ,say 11/2 - 2%more than the inflation rate,would be beneficial.I trust PSBs,more than private ones,as they are more profit oriented for themselves,than PSBs.
0 0 Public Sector banks are largest player in working capital finance & project finance. Risk level are high as in most of the loans the percentage of collateral is 20.-40%.  But when any account gets into NPA it becomes very hard for the bank to recover the same by disposing off assets as it has to take multiple approvals and during such period the value of some asset may decline. So  we should create mechanism for digitalising the collateral so that the same can be sold off without any delay.
1 0 (1) Performance Bonus for Reward / Punishment  may introduced for Public Sector Bank employees which depends upon recovery of debt. , system follow up , loan passed , punctuality customer relations (new customer as well as continuity of Old ) etc. means KRA of each branch. Time frame of each assignment / application all work should be on line and for verification fix appointment with customer. One pensioner branch for all type of pension i.e. central , state  govt emp. must be open in all city
0 0 It's next to impossible to place our concerns beyond RM level, Banking Ombudsman is hopeless idea of RBI which acts more as bank's agent rather redressal platform for client.. Have faced numerous failed attempts. neutral  agency - be it under finance Ministry need to set soon.
0 0 For personal loan purpose private bank ICICI /HDFC show int.13.75 % but it is only for employed in Blue chip company's why the policy is not uniform? required uniform policy for any loan because they are applying only old sahukar pattern. Indian citizen require change in this variable interest rate and their recovery pattern i.e. loan for minimum 6 months why? It's an emergency loan and if anybody wants to deposit within one month they refused or charged minimum 6 months interest.
1 0 First of all decide the character of the PS Banks i.e.whether they are commercial banks or social banks. PS banks are made to busy all day for non commercial activities. All parameters on which the performance is being monitored are international parameters. But do they monitor/evaluate the time/manpower spent in dealing with SC/ST pension,freedom fighter pension,no frill account,widow pension, disabled pension, Prime Minister Rozgar Yojna, Chief Minister Rozgar Yojna, DUDA, DIR etc. etc.
0 0 Sir,try to recruit the young and  dynamic PO offficers, instead of raising the difficulty of the exams
0 0 There are 3 major causes for poor performance. 1. Leadership - selection of CEOs to be apolitical. Promotion to be based on performance and leadership potential. Consider allowing external candidates as CEOs or senior management. Improve career progression to build a cadre of motivated leaders. 2. Accountability - make bank leadership and management accountable for performance including large NPLs 3. Governance - director selection. Change process, must have experience in Fin serv or industry.
0 0 All the banks need to first ensure smooth service to the existing customers. We often find that even the educated population of India face problems in online transaction. So rather than just expanding branches , the banks should also focus in customer satisfaction.
0 0 Although we cant privatize PSU banks but we can make their service rules as per private sector. A bank should decide salaries and incentives based on the profit it generates and employees in all govt banks should not be allowed to enjoy same salaries and perks whether they are efficient or not. Special incentives to include promotion etc. be given in case an honest bank employee reports any fraud being carried out. NPA alert be entertained through whistle blowing with due incentives.
0 0 1.merge all banks keep only one bank i.e STATE BANK OF INDIA 2.OPEN BANK (SBI) branches at every 1000 persons so that bank can approach people easily 3.open atm at every branch 4.keep security guard at branch 5.make token sysytem 6.give loan credit card  by their ability 7.give very body a atm/debit card 8.stop Rs.500 and Rs 1000 rupee notes which is no use for poor people 9.make compusory that every transactios above Rs10000 will be done by A/c payee cheque or any card
0 0 usually branch manager 50,000 less than Rs fake credit give. Government small loans forgiven will which these money manager grab take. Therefore the government debt not forgive should, or link monitoring should.
0 0 Banks rush to reduce the need to open the new kiosk.
0 0 ENSURE CAPITAL ADEQUACY OF RECIPIENT OF LOAN PSU Banks must follow prudential norms while lending to implement public private partnership (PPP) projects in India or abroad. The principal participant of the promoter group must have subscribed to shares of special purpose vehicle (Spv) Company in cash at least to the extent of 30 % of the total project cost before a PSU Bank may consider lending to the spv. This would prevent lending by PSU Banks turning into  NPA in PPP projects.
1 0 5) Human Resources can be trained in a specific line of banking, ie lending, branch banking, retail banking etc. why should one personnel learn all the work. 6) Also, recently read that India Post wants to become a bank to leverage its post office network. Why cant State Bank of India can enter into an agreement with India Post and leverage its network for financial inclusion goals. That would take less time and will produce more effectiveness. And also lets plan this for the least banked places
0 0 My suggestions posted on December 5 were restricted to 500 characters. Now. I am posting the detailed suggestions via jpg file attached.
1 0 1) Reduce the non-core activities of the Banks, ie. selling insurance, mutual funds, gold coins. 2) Multiple models of branch banking, eg. rural branches needs a specific process and design to cater the needs of small depositors while urban banks where business dealings are large have their specific needs. 4) Improvement in the performance by training and young manpower, all staff is not required to be credit managers so please train them to handle documents, KYC and forms more efficiently.
1 0 Sir, Can we think about online transactions, purchase above 500 should be through card (even advance biometric punch and password i.e card less) every where during transaction. Stop the currency above Rs 500. This will also control corruption. Every atm should have machine of cash withdrowal and cash deposit to any account in india. DD and Cheque should also be generated through the atm machine. Maimum use of card swap machine. Complete online transaction no need to carry money above Rs 500.
0 0 1.Transparency in appointment of CMD. 2.As earlier view, Chairman and Managing Director should be two separate post. 3.Infrastructure in Banks required improvement. Till date Software used in Some Banks are so poor that it can't generate the periodical returns online. Internet facilities are poor.Staffs Officers are not capable in dealing with new technology.  4.There are lack of knowledge in the fild of Parnership, Public Sector and Pvt. Sector co. Law, 5.They are lacking behind in the fild of
0 0 cash depositing should be made paper less even without Debit card
0 0 If every is Indian is forced to have only one bank account based on their PAN number, then each Indian will be forced to deposit his/her money in one account and only then he will use this money and circulation of money will improve condition of our Indian economy and Black money will get reduced atleast in INDIA - JAI HIND
0 0 An assessment project would help 1. Streamline asset management and increase efficiency. 2. Improve profit margins vs Asset size 3. Reduce redundant and unnecessary processes(vendor selection). it takes 1 year to select  a vendor in Public sector banks. 4. Cross train/engage employees to increase productivity 5. Spread government subsidies and public reach programs across bank sectors. Devise a strategy 6.Assess scaling strategy for public sector. there is tremendous scope here. Thanks.
0 0 All the customers have a right to get quality goods and services at reasonable prices.  If Indian labourers are not ready to accept salary fixed on the basis of law of demand and supply, then as a customer I have a right to get goods and services from any other country.  In Maharashtra at least, there is a marked difference in the attitude of nationalized bank employees versus private/co-op. bank employees.  The nationalized bank employees are highly indifferent and rude towards customers.
0 0 First of all, for all govt., semi-govt. and bank employees, salary should be determined on the basis of the law of demand and supply.  Because of today's labour laws, there is an artificial price hike in the labour market.  This has created inequality of incomes.  Human being has become cheap and labourer has become costly.  If we are to combat Chinese aggression, our salary levels have to be realistic.  Govt. must embark on a step by step salary reduction program.
0 0 I strongly feel to adopt the Artha kranti proposal given by a Pune based CA group, which emphasises on scrapping all the current taxes and  levies and charge bank transaction charge on all business transactions. This shall help all the banks to work with more zeal and contribute to the economy
0 0 The entire work force of specifically the public sector banks need to understand that they are meant for valued added services to their all customers irrespective of the nature. The unfortunate picture today if the employees work with a marketing miopia that they are in just banking than a customer service. A good example of turn around of British airways was to change their mission statement from 'Transportation' to customer service'.Too much protection of being a govt servant also hampers the
0 0 The promotion policy/ transfer policy in PSB is outdated and has not been looked at by sucessive bank managements; t ; The practice of posting all promotee officers upto Scale IV in the NATIVE state and all those in SCALE V & above must be posted around the nation;  All those above 55 must be retained in their native state;Why bank employee wages are not at par with STATE/CENTRAL Govt Servants; this must also be at par; and pension must be revised once in 5years and all welfare must be available
0 0 Due to poor pay  / wages and absence of staff welfare measures be it health insurance to employees, reimbursement of fuel expenses , conveyance expenditure, concessional rate of interest on vehicle,home loans are absent this is the reason why service is deteriorating and many MBA/BE/CA grads leave the PSBs after serving for 2-3 years;  The rising NPA/CDR accounts are also eating into the profits of PSBs. Immediate Wage revision which is due since NOV. 2012 is not signed even after 26mths.
0 0 There must be limit for cash withdrawal from Bank like maximum 100000 per day. NEFT cheque should be invented which can cleared in few hours. So this reduces unnecessary cash transfer and prevent journey of black money. Each and every sector have availability of NEFT system. If reduce cash transaction, reduce black money.
0 0 The whole working in Banks is done on the basis of "Practices and Priciples". Following Principle will be a great deal but 80 % of old staff still believe in  practices and following practices at large scale. The same thing they are teaching to young staff. This should be checked with Immediate effect. Second Infrastructure is the big problem. Merging of small bank to form large one is also required. Small bank spending amount for providing same services. Small bank hiding NPA to avoid merger.
1 0 Staff in PSU Banks should have fear of job loss, like the Private Banks. Many of the Branch Managers are corrupt. They sanction loans to defaulters time and again and have taken large amounts. They do not sanction loans to the genuine persons citing one reason or the other. The intelligence system is also corrupt, otherwise they would catch the culprits. Corrective measures like online registration of loan applications and centralised sanctioning at the head office only.
0 0 one village one ATM this scheme u have to execute in the nation. one window policy must be fluid to other windows. as i saw in DCC bank everyone can do anything. but in public sector bank one window policy i have saw many times some timee there is too much load on deposits window and other windows people have gossiping. its ok till but they gossip with that person on deposite window which tends to decrease in efficiency. hope u will understand
1 0 Government to set up Exclusive Banking graduation or PG courses in University. Setting up a dedicated banking university will help more. Nook and corner of the county retired bankers are available whose services can be utilised by colleges/ universities to impart practical training. Presently, young generation is entering banking industry in a large scale. Without practical exposure or required input they have to shoulder immense responsibility. The course can be for 1 year
1 0 1) Re-Orientation programme to be conducted for all Bank staff in Customer Service (though Work Experienced)- as at present(with exceptions)majority is seen as Unresponsive,Arrogant & Godly. 2) Accountability & Response time vis-a-vis Customers transactions. 3)Money lending business done by certain staff in a day with bank money & tallied by the end of the day in outskirt areas may be looked into, as earlier it was seen.4)As work&staff constraint seen, staff interaction- major&system-minor works
0 0 Sir, Banking can be outsourced as a "franchised" business to private individuals. This will help reach masses in rural areas, reduces costs and administrative burden and will improve efficiency. This kind of model is best for new Postal Banking initiate which separates banking functions from postal services.
0 0 The concept of specialized Banking would enable improved efficiency and effective monitoring and control. Would enable the banks to keep away from financing the dubious industry/companies as such. The case of Non Performing assets to can be brought down to a minimum as banks would have become more specialized in their operations. Such a banking system would also enable the Govt. to proceed easily with the Single window clearance/approval to new industry.
0 0 The concept of specialized banking would usher in a New era in the Banking Industry. if implemented and would serve as a very big boost to the various Industry that are capital intensive. This way the Banks specializing in serving the public too can be used as a media to extend the welfare schemes of the Govt. from time to time.  The specialized banking would enable the banks to concentrate and specialize in their Industry specific services.
0 0 Industry specific banks may be started. Such banks should offer banking solution to only a few industry [ Ex: Heavy Engineering, IT etc.,]  This would enable the banks to specialize  in a industry and offer effective banking solution. From the Industry side too it would be highly beneficial as their needs could be fulfilled through tailor made banking solutions from these specialized Banks.
0 0 Suggestions on this may also be received from the existing employees of PSB's......infact they may have better ideas..!!
0 0 The PSB's may be brought under a separate Authority that would focus more on improving profitability of the banks as well as make them socially responsible. Let them not be called Public sector banks.....Spin them off as the Banks of the Public..with Nation's priorities as their foremost objectives.
0 0 (a) Infuse young bloods at sr management (for risk taking appetite and out of box thinking) and at operating level (for bringing in alacrity in daily service) (b) Engage smart personal relationship manager for NRIs and high net worth individual (c) Ensure uninterrupted mobile, internet banking and email connectivity (for clarifications, monthly statements etc)with individuals, particularly NRIs (d) Match the interest rates of private banks (e) Reduce waiting time for any service at bank premises
0 0 1. Clarify the objective of the psu banks whether social political or only profit earning 2. Clear guidelines regarding loans sanctioning, deposit mobilising and kyc 3. Less interference from govt officials, ministers and mps 4. Power to attach the property and assets of the NPAs like Income TAX and other tax authorities 5. Security to officers who r trying to recover bad loans 6. Equal rank and pay scale to civil service officer 7. Differentiate between performing and non performing employees
0 0 Dear sir, I am really thankful for such initiative.  The performance of the psu banks cannot be at par with private sector banks. Reasons are as follows The objectives are different One is only for profit making & other has social objective also Psu has to partivipate in govt schemes such as PMJDY, VBY,  PMRGY, etc... Employees has to be part of election duties Job profile is not decided Cust base is vast. Treat psu banks as only profit making and u can get more result than pvt banks Guarteed
0 0 People don;t want to go to Public sector banks because of below: - Not people friendly in behavior - Not at all flexible - Not at all technology/automation friendly - Not ready to try any innovation (except SBI) They should change above and you see MNC/Private sector banks will feel the heat.
0 0 1. Allow MNC banks to take over weak PSB banks at market value to equal voting rights as residents. 2. RRBs & Cooperative Banks to be run like affiliates/ subsidiaries of PSB.
0 0 PSBs performance is  seen based on total Balance sheet size   Deposits +loans=Total business but it is wrong criteria  and banks do window dressing ,at last moment they take deposits at more rate and give loans to corporate at Base rate ,LTD [incease FD deposits side and loan on that Increases Loans side] both resulting in lesser profits are Banks are required to maintain CRR,SLR on  closing  balances.contrary Pvt banks reduces there  B/s size and reduce Statutory CRR/SLR  and increase profit
0 0 1. All PSB Business Intelligence Analysis to be merged in one & provide common standard input for all them to secure & grow.. 2. International practises & automation to be used max. 3. Standardise all processes in critical line risk. 4. Customer service to be standardised & if required outsourced to ITES companies.
0 0 take the opinion PSB staff who are working in field level. If the head of the family is good minded, children naturally will be of good minded. Same happens from in PSB hierarchy. Roles & responsibility of public sector banks are completely different from private banks. Never compare PSB's with private banks. Similarly never compare SBI with other PSB's as SBI is enjoying fruits of govt business. PSBs can be merged and controlling offices should be setup all Revenue divisions of the district.
0 0 1. Number of directors based on balance sheet size only.. 2. Only professionals allowed to be directs. 3. HR rating to be merit based & not fixed term scheduled promotions.
0 0 Why Loans to SME loans are not increasing and consequently hampering indias march to become developed economy ---PSBs bank officer will grant loan to SMEs /corporates they will enjoy the money  and whenever they will default Banks management will punish honest officers only and borrower will always enjoy-The reality is that  Banks staffs are under deep fear and even after working in good faith they are only punished and defaulters are enjoying all benefits---So Defaulters needs to be punished a
0 0 1. Cleaning Balance Sheets: If not happening allow it to merge with others. 2. Allow private sector banks to take over public sector banks. 3. Make Big 4 banks by merging as Government is largest owner. 4. Outsource IT management & legally bind them with cloud computing 5. Add Next Gen employees for serving next gen customers...6. Make credit decisions more objective driven & not subjective..7. In 9 months no paying of dues , directly legal case for recovery... all those DRT to be scrapped ...
0 0 Bank universities must be established like our respected prime minister is doing for railways. It will not only improve the quality of work in banks but also save the time of induction courses and time to time trainings. It will provide us  confident employees to do work properly without any fear of mistake.
0 0 NPA has become a head-ache due to work pressure and job transfer.  People aware of this take advantage of the situation on thier favour. A permanent monitoring and follow-up team should be created on district level.  Their frequency may lessen the fraud and trace customer momentum. No need for legal suits means an expenditure cut. And no OTS also.
1 0 In these e-banking scenario competition between all the nationalized banks is a meaning less one.  When there is no efficiency bar on the career as like that of a private bank it is better to merge the banks at least in four zones. Unhealthy competition leads to bribing and window dressing. Government funds has to be parked in equal proportion among these banks or zone. One software, One ATM card (No withdrawel restriction). This revolution bring a colossal change. Other things change naturally.
0 0 Loans to singles after age 30 is also a problem, specifically women. I faced this issue when I started my new entrepreneurial journey and finally I had to start with my own savings without any loan. Also, one more point is when the EMI has been raised by the borrower, the formalities for reducing it at a later date, when the borrower faces some tight situations is another big issue. The norms need to be simple to reduce EMI, if it has been increased voluntarily by the borrower.
2 0 govt once again must need to consider the objective of publec sector bank ??? profitability and finacial inclusin, zero balance account, student accounts,pmjdy ac,branches and atm in majority area of india,govt loan to each and every one, cant go simultaniously..please sir once agian think about it.. public sector bank is not for the profit...it is for the uplifment of society..growth...
1 0 if govt want profitablity in psb than work like private bank , dont open accounts like PMJDY,dont open branches in rural area,dont give loan to weaker saction of socity,dont give loan contain govt subsidy,dont allow poor to step in bank, minimum balance in sb ac 5000rs, levy heavy charges for debit credit card atm use cheque book,dont give even a single UNSECURED LOAN, not political interfrence, not open a single student account(scholarship account), do only profitable business. what govt want ?
1 0 i m really shocked after reading the pdf file explaining the performance of psb vs private sector bank. i really not understand that govt's major concern is only profitability ?? the main function of psb is financial inclusion, uplifment of weaker class of society,more and more branches need to open in rural area. if govt want to make psb like private bank than forget about loan to weaker saction and also zero balance ac open like pmjdy.and also sutdown of branches in rural area
0 0 i read the file containing the performance of psv vs private bank and came to know that main reason behind poor performance of psb is technological upgradation and insufficiant manpower. people prefer to do job in private bank because of greater pay scale and other facilities
0 0 all psb is using different software so one bank is not able to check the status of customer in other bank and so take loan from one bank even though overdue or npa borrower in other bank. if is it not possible to use 1 software by all bank. than at least make 1 portal for all bank psb & private bank, where all customer's loan details is availabale ( something like cibil, but must be more accurate than cibil)
1 0 govt must need to give some power to branch manager like file FIR against NPA borrower, minimize the political interface of sarapanch,taluka panchayat sabhaya, mp, mla etc., govt also need to curb corruption in District Development Organisation (jilla udhyog kendra) which give recommendation to bank for sanction of loan to each and everyone after getting 2000rs or 5000rs without considering any other thing. also the recovery policy must be make very strong. if npa is recover psb will be no. 1
0 0 due to frequent transfer Branch Manager even not able to understand the people of village..and also frequent and out of home state and out of native place posting even not interested to do business.
0 0 We have to factor that the efficiency ratios do not capture the range of activity.for eg state banks do govt business and run currency chests .tThese activity is not captured.Add to this rural banks priority lending  that tilt a superficial analysis.Even so in general terms efficiency is dependent on Quality and extent of computerization,personnel systems and procedures,policies and energy and drive of Top management. Many Banks have not,except SBI,have not reengineerd the processes.urge PSB to
0 0 major concern of public sector bank is  NPA and the main reason behind increasing NPA is that customer willingly not paying the overdue and taking the benifit of one negative aspect of PSB, transfer of Branch Manager on every 2nd or 3rd year, so take the loan and then not pay the amount so bank make provision for loss asset and than manager change than again the same fellow get the loan from same branch..so the policy of transfer must be changed to overcome the NPA.
0 0 Old bankers r on verge of retirement....newly recruit r not interested to continue as better option availible outside wih good perks n salary. Retention of staff be checked by Banking Division by calling stats from different banks Give them salary they will work n griw the banks services
0 0 Public Sector Banks should revamp their Greivance and Complaint Handling Systems urgently to match up to level of Services provided by Private Banks. There should be automated online complaint and greivance management system so that there is no interference by vested interests in hiding the complaints.
0 0 1. Bring sense of belongingness among employees of PSBs 2. transfer policy be employee freindly, as people posted outside home are not interested in work but to pass the tenure. Implement ur August guidelines for women staff , ask PSBs to submit compliance report 3. Salary of manager is insufficient to give respectable life to thier family. Xth bipartte is pending from  1.11.2012, please settle the issue Only Relax n happy employee can deliver. Past shows that Banks can perform
0 0 1. Computerized Deposits of physical Cheques  are to be forwarded to bank by E-Mail attached form for clearing. Or to have Big Box at Railway Stations, Post Offices, Bus Depots etc. by giving "All Banks Mobile Clearing Agent" status to new young boys to create more Jobs. 2.
0 0 I think including those youngsters who want to do bank job but does not selected due to various reasons. If youngsters can be placed at those vacant places speed and efficiency can be corrected.
1 0 PBS work on two factors Social and  economical Social:  Easy availability  and easy accessibility, Economical: inclusive growth engine Suggestion= PBS should be of two types. Type1:For  Non  IT Payers. They should serve both of the above facto Type 2: For  IT Payers. They should serve only the economical factor Effect=Both classes (non it payers and it payers) will get prompt and better services This will segregate IT payers and Non IT  payers Bank managers andother
0 0 Put more decission maker CEO , MD in the banks, all  CEO and MD at present are doing nothings in India , specialyy nationalize banks,
0 0 The Banking sector must change the TOP Leval staff becuse these are useless not making any decission, Practically Indian Nationalize bank should be private or should change the system with more and more difrent relgions people, I am soory to say the banking sectors are capture by only particulare Hindu comunities which is not allowing other comunities to work in side the banking sector, you will never find sikh, Mulsim and other  cast peoples in the banking sectors  may be there only 1 to 3% this has to be change, I am not here against with the particular cast who is rulling most of the money sectors in India but they are not decission maker, not supporting for the commman man in India , just visit the Nationalize bank site from top to level you will find particular Hindu comunities people rulling the banks which is not good for the Indian economie ,
0 0 1.Appoint CMD for the banks immediately, which are headless. Segregate Chairman and MD post. 2.CMD & ED should be selected on competence, clean record and not on gratification and influence.3.Concept of industry level selection of ED/CMD deserve relook and review which is leading to clash of culture/values 4.The directors should be nominated based of experience, integrity. Directors re not spending enough time to go through the Notes and policy docs placed before BOD meeting.
0 0 The Indian Banks specially Nationalize banks are having ZERO support to the comman bank account holders, This is becuse of the following reason.  The old goverment never ever were supporting the comman man in India, The banks till give loan , even 40,000 INR to only rich people not to poor
0 0 Consolidate as many of them into two large banks.These will compete between them & with private ones for overall efficiency. This strategy can be extended to all sectors.
0 0 merger of public sector banks is a must  for capitalisation & consolidation to cut admin costs & make profits. All SBI Associates  to merge into SBI. Syndicate bank, Vijaya bank& corporation bank to merge into canara bank.Likewise;  Indian bank & Andhra bank  into IOB. P&SB and OBC into PNB. Union Bank, Bank of Maharashtra   into BOI. UCO Bank,Central Bank & United Bank into Allahabad bank. Dena bank & IDBI into BOB.Later, merged SBI with India Posts as its payment bank  to be only govt bank.
0 0 . The position of CEO and chairman has to be separated to put a process of check and balance,The length of CEO tenures must go up as that would help them take better strategic decisions,Regulatory hassles of everyday banking must be reduced. The board must have enough time to do important work and not exist just to tick boxes,Human resource development is a central challenge. There is a gap in middle-level management which has to be addressed through lateral hiring, better training etc. This i
0 0 Public Sector banks must first be independent to make commercial decisions. Social mandates or obligations have to be backed by financial gains, but for any project   one must take into account the bank's societal profit or loss
0 0 Allmost all PSBs banks in past  has roped in many managemnt consultancy firms .But according to me all the points of any study cant be  accpted in toto as we are not agrreeing with all recommendations However this does not mean that all points raised there are irrelevant. Best policies which has proven by result  must be implemented in all the PSB.
0 0 all branch works must be bifurcated in two categories Back end and Front end .Back end works can be centralized.Customer experience at  branch level can be enhanced substantially  if the branch is is required to do only basic necessary jobs at branches  and all other works can be transferred to backend.Officers and staff  with more time can be used entirely for  customer service   -Serving whom is primary objective -it will result in better  and  fast service-satisfied customers-More business
0 0 Centralised Processing cells-CPC- must be manned by proper staff i.e One officer can handle must handle a specific No of files ,then only the work can be done in proper time and it can be monitored .---Relationship manger concept in Pvt Banks
0 0 Branch operations should be bifurcated into 1.Front-office to interface with customers, viz.cash, lockers, DD etc. (2) Back-office to control operations. Back-office personnel should be outsourced. Credit appraisals should be given to 'outsourced' Chartered Accountants. containing costs,( manpower and occupancy costs) are most essential. Banks should have extended business hours. Performance Appraisal of each staff, every 3 months (similar to multi-national Banks) should be done
0 0 Centralised Processing cells-CPC  generate loans/Customer can directly approach CPC -  and there all formalities like  duediligence ,Credit decision,Legal formaliti , documentation  account opening and release of loans must be done centrally,Branches should be left with Cash handelling  and clearing.-----Credit only Branches -Each work i,e credit by CAs ,Documby Legal person,account opening by Regional computer centre-RCC based on sanction letter and Disbursal in syastem By RCC after compliance
0 0 Bankers are fear of taking decission as their decission is being questioned by investigative agencies in future, when one account is going bad, Even God can not protect all the children taking birth in earth everyday, as few of them die soon after birth. Fear psychosis among honest bankers has affected credit growth in bank . Government should look into it and all the bonafide decissions takers should be protected. At the same time those who are indulged in corrupt activities should be punished. I always believe a Super Vigilant in the form of GOD is watching  our all activities. If anybody doing a wrongthing he will definitely be punished by HIM.. Simillarly our good work is rewarded by  HIM. Government should act to do away the fear psychosis factor among bankers.
0 0 PSBs can adopt Practice of PVT banks specially in Retail and MSME  loans.Centralised Processing cells-CPC- Must  operate centrally.Presently a customer MSME  if wants to avail credit facilities 1.He approaches Branch.   Branch loan officer-Assistant Branch Manager-Branch Manager. 2.MSME cell    Processing officicer-ABM-BM. 3.Regional Office-Processing officer- Chief manager-Assistant general manager-DGM-Regional Head 4.Zonal office---Same procedure as above. 5.Head office  same as above Lenghty
0 0 The NPA Levels of the Branches not subject to Annual Statutory Audit is far ahead of the currently stated levels. Even the currently stated NPA as currently disclosed by such bankers too is untrue. A Random Sampling of all the branch audit reports, will reflect that all the branches reflected higher MOC and consequent NPA recognition by respective auditor. All the private banks too shall be subject to Annual Statutory Audit, as is the case in PSB. Pvt banks are playing with money of Depositors.
3 0 In order to improve performance of banks, it is time to improve skill of middle level officers those who have more than 10/12 yrs of service by giving them one year in service  training in Risk Management. Similar type of MBA trraining is also given to IAS/IPS officers during their mid carrear. Because these people will handle large amount of credit accounts in future. Earlier simple graduates have joined bank as po 20 yrs ago. presently they are in middle of their carrear. Giving them training will develop their skill &knowledge. Further government should think seriously consolidation Of banks. THIS WILL HELP GOVT. IN CAPITAL INFUSION, STOP UNHEALTHY COMPETITION AMONG BANKS FOR BUSINESS. . Salary of bank staff/officers should be incresred. Transparent transfer policy should be implemnted in banks. Banks should be given legal power to recover loan. Examplary action should be taken against illful defaulters.
0 0 1.	Accountability to be fixed for all employees Enforce accountability for all employees. At present, only one cadre is made accountable. This affects the morale and productivity. 2.	Performance linked incentives This acts as an incentive to perform better and will surely improve the performance of banks. 3.	Emphasis on  Customer Service Training programmes should be continuously conducted to all cadre of staff on Customer Service and improvement of customer service 4.	Speed up decision making
0 0 Despite the data centralization in PSU's the convenience for customers is a workable area. For e.g - if I have to update my address in SBI, I have to go to my home branch for that, unlike private banks where I can go to any branch; fill form and update my address.
1 0 Still there are branches of banks which are not Pension Authorised Branches. This defeats the purpose of simplification of pension procedure. what is the harm in allowing all the branches of the same banks or for that matter all the branches of banks as pension drawing banks. Something needs to be done.
0 0 Nationalised banks should be set free except State Bank group so that they can run on their own. It is high time to make these those nationalised banks private. The performance of those banks will improve overtime when they are left to take their own decisions.
0 0 First & important suggestion teach them what is politeness, true value of customer.In rural area people are scared of them. They treat bank personnel like god, it should be vice versa.
0 0 Bank should start working in 24X7 in city area , so  In case of any urgency  customer can visit that branch which is supposed to be open at that point of time .
1 0 The previous Congress gov has issued a Notification F.No.4/11/1/2011-IR  dated March 14th, 2012. Ministry of Finance Department of Financial Services -PSB Banks who have recruited Professionals Like CAs,IT Engineers  ,HR professionals in Scale II in generalist cadre   are now posted in Rural and semi urban branch to do Normal work-Total wastage of Skilled Indian Youth-The matter need to be looked upon  otherwise taking professional degrees  as above and doing a normal work which a ordinary gradu
0 0 Bank employees pay revision must be done through same pay commission as it's for other government employees. Improve customer relationship services. Required proper Audit of all Public sector banks .Try to make Banks operations paperless as much as possible specially filling complex forms. Open stores for deposit , passbook updation other such small daily activities so that crowd can be managed in banks .Improve Infrastructure of Banks.
0 0 Banks should operate in two shifts. Day & Night. Those people who cannot find time to go to bank in day time because of busy schedule will certainly find it purposful. Also it will generate more jobs.
0 0 The PSU banks have primary focus towards lending business and they play a key role in supporting the growth of infrastructure and also contribute in a big way towards the social objective of Government of India by playing leading role in financial inclusi on and extending the last mile credit to the lower strata of the society. Private sector Banks are profit centric however PSBs are nation centric like Agri loan,Jandhan accounts,Election duty,lower charges and Lower minimum service requirem
0 0 If we can call Jan dhan Yojna a Superhit  why the Bank staffs are forced to do Strike  and using the there prductive energy  in a  negative way -The gov should must honor the Bank staff  demands  which is pending since 1 Nov 2012 -Bankers have done there  hard work .....
0 0 BANK AUDITS...WHETHER STATUTORY OR CONCURRENT AUDIT This is highly expected by ca women in practice  at the time of allotment of bank audits there should be quote fixed for ca women who independent in practice. Govt promoting women participation in every field.But in bank audit allotments  no attention is paid..CA women are very few who practicing independently.. Not only in bank audits but same also expected in CAG audits too..
0 0 There is Rampant Corruption in Public Sector Banks. To curb this and encourage honest Employees of bank to come forward it is very necessary that board of directors must be entirely independent of Bank and its related institutions like RBI so they cannot be influenced. Secondly set up a 2-member independent body like Retired High Court Judges in each Public Sector Bank to hear Grievances of employees so that they cannot be blackmailed by the Bank Management.
0 0 yes exactly,they pass the buck at the drop of a hat,instead od taking descions they put it on to headoffice .red tapeism same as in any govt offices
0 0 We hear frequent complaints about shortage of banknotes of a particular denomination from the public. It is suggested that Public sector banks may take over the distribution of  currency notes directly. The printing presses will send the banknotes directly to the designated banks, who will in turn distribute it to the public. This is the practice followed in Canada. The  role of RBI in distribution be reduced. The printing presses to handle printing and distribution function.
0 0 1) The maximum time wasted by account holders in PSU bank branches is in deposit & withdrawal of cash. All PSU bank branches with a threshold deposit level should be mandated to install "Cash Deposit Machines". 2) PSU banks employees do not have any orientation in customer service. Unless a part of their salary is variable and linked to branch profitability, accountability to customers will not improve 3) bureaucratic reporting requirements of branches needs to be reviewed & reduced
1 0 There are 50 lakh central government employees and of 30 lakh pensioners ,Banks employees also to be covered under Pay commission  so that uniformity can be insured
0 0 innovation is the key, they have to reinvent themselves. simplified rules & regulations, Already the banking system is undermined by the parallel robust system. time to wakeup & act fast.The governments can fix it immediately if they want to but they have their own compulsions
0 0 if they r to grow & stay relevant, their unions have to be dismantled. they r playing havoc.
0 0 IBA should be dismantled. All banks to be controlled under RBI only.
0 0 Government of India  has originally not created 27 PSBs ,as these were intially Private Sector Banks  nationalized  By SMT Indira gandhi and from then they are continuing as such ,If the same can be integrated in a systematic manner it may create magics - Better ROI, Good returns,Better Branch networks,
0 0 One time kyc submission is enough & that reference shud be good for all other banks.redundancy shud be reduced,it shud be seamless.PSBs shud be at par with international standards but they shud not become ELITIST otherwise it will be contrary to the purpose they were created.
0 0 Banking is very sensitive area and should be managed by very efficient management.All small banks must be merged with large banks.Govt may explode the possibility of privatizing PSB and if it is not possible after merger RBI/Govt to look after only 5-6 banks.There must be restriction on large loan exposure to any one party and sector as part of risk management.Bank board and senior offices should be duly screened for their integrity and capabilities. CA- Pradeep Goenka
3 0 There should be 5 days working of PSBs. Salary of bankers to be raised at par with International standards and also the technology. Stipulated work hours for offline and online work also outsourcing for digital banking.
0 0 There is no meaning in Four to Six PSBs  branches competing with one another on every  corners of Indian cities .All the policies regarding deposits, SB,Minor accounts,FD,RD  of PSBs must be similar  and in facts all the PSB must be merged  and we must  create some of the good banks , My point is that its is just like government  is having 4 police stations on a  corner of a city  having same catchment area.I.e with fullfledged  branch  one Bank branch can cater what is presently catered by 6
1 0 for psb s the main drawback is RISK AVERSION .always looking for safe options wrt common man but at the same time they magically take huge risks with corporates fight legal battles forever.this is where govt shud step in .the point isbanking shud be flexible APATHBANDHAVA FOR THE MASSES.Technology changes r cosmetic in nature still far away to reach the common man at the bottom of the pyramid.huge population is an opportunity for them rather than a liability (as their mindset is at present ).
0 0 PSBs  has invested a lot in  alternate delivery channel like Net banking,ATMS  etc  However the same is underutilized  as people of india are not moving on that .There are 52 Saturdays approx 2 month .If all  the Banks are closed on saturdays with people will shift to ADC products and Banks net profits will also increase on account of   saving  of all costs .This will also in line with  Digital india initiative if  Government of India.-5 Days Normal Banking 1 day Net Banking to beging  with
0 0 sir, yes there r many changes some good happening since a decade but they have to keep pace with the times & the huge increasing population. like the telecom sector banking sector shud be opened up fully the customer shud have delicious choices rather than the stale ones he is caught in.people in the middle & the lower category r the ones the psbs r of little help in day to day life.govts shud give license to differrent types of banks -one size doesnt fit all
0 0 improving performance of Public Sector Banks - How to increase Return on assets [ROI]-Bank  Branches i.e physical infrastructure   should be  used  as one point to cater all the financial related transaction -like  Insurence[life /non life],Sharemarket/Debt/Mutual Fund  -But all the things can be done only if the counters are properly manned  -All the private banks are doing good  business because they manned by proper No of Officers/staff.No of lower level staff  withresponsibility to increa
0 0 NPAs can be drastically curtailed  through a One Time Settlement Policy as was done around 2004. A simplified, non discretionary, non-discriminatory policy was introduced. But vested interests who wanted to exercise discretion & discrimination scuttled the simplified, non discretionary, non-discriminatory policy. NPAs may be settled at book outstanding on date of NPA plus simple interest at Base Rate thereafter irrespective of security coverage.
0 0 sir ,we the people cant understand why the govt finance experts dont have the basic common sense,their policies r not citizen centric & the ease of banking,here the role of a well meaning politician & leader like u comes to the fore .( in lighter vein -being a gujrathi u no more abt money & the system,, gujjus & marwadis have their own parallel system outside banking  - pun intended ).people  will give so many ideas but finally u have to bell the cat sir ,u will get 1.25 billion blessings
0 0 from viewing all these post two things are Cristal  clear that 1. People of India are very concern about PSBs. 2.They also want that PSBs  must remain  under under Gov  controls/entity  because of a Sovereign  guarantee of Repayment.
0 0 The Officers and staff of the Banks should be given training at being courteous and adopting a ffriendly attitude towards the public.Most of the Bank employees feel that they are Larger than their customers. Procedures should be made Very simple, user friendly and More Transparent. Egovernence and Etransactions should be encouraged and made Hasslefree so that citizens from all walk of life are made comfortable with the dealings of the Bank.
0 0 sir, 1.govt shud have only one bank, 2.lending for common man shud be the priority 3.have separate banks with very strict guidelines for corporate funding - most of them being theives 4.open up banking for common man -all services shud be hassle free 5.lending shud be the priority 6.simplyfy the procedures- our banking is struck in the 60-70s ,7.they give 1001 reasons to not give a loan to public but r hand in glove with the so called big industrialists 8.the govt shud come out with clear policy
0 0 sir, 1.psbs dont have the competitive attitude ( very complacent).2.work culture shud be completely overhauled,3.customer service is nil -they behave like bosses & customers as beggars 4.they dont take risks because of govt protection.release them free - govt cant hold their hand forever -this is against nature 5 pl release the common man from their clutches 6.only good for deposits 7 they r not interested in lending part 8more interested in bookwork rather than actual busines-rotten lethargic
0 0 PSB should bring down their NPA to sustainable level. Government should be making more DRT and  DRT II with time bound results.
0 0 Published in "Sanmarg" Newspaper
0 0 1-MORE USE OF TECHNOLOGY,2-OLD STAFF TO BE TRAINED IN IN NEW TECHNOLOGY.3-ALL RELEVANT INFORMATION  RELATED TO SERVICES BEING PROVIDED , TIME FRAME,AND OTHER RELATED CHARGE ARE TO BE DISPLAYED.4-GRIEVANCES REDRESSAL MUST BE MADE EFFECTIVE AND QUICKIE.5-SPECIAL ATTENTION MUST BE GIVEN IN RURAL AREA TO IMPROVE THE SERVICES.6-LOCAL PEOPLE HELP MAY BE TAKEN TO IMPROVE THE SERVICES.
0 1 Sir today bank workers are on strike causing a lot of inconvinence u are requested to cancel their demand of 5 day week n increment as they are no worth for it If they continue some action should b taken
0 0 to mr. prime minister it is very important to think about psb's my suggestion to improve effeciency we should change the working time start it from morning 9-00 a.m. and also reduce NPA   by not compelling bank to release loan and subsidy to non elgible.
0 0 mera manna ye hai ki hamey technology ka help lena chahie,automation ki help se ham kar sakte hai,sab PSB ka ek portal ho unke lie target fix kie jae ,aur wo common web portal PM dekhey,jitna credit and debit hua hai wo sare bank web portal par roz upload karey ,werna salary ka 5%deduction kardia jaye, aur automation ki help se sab kuch controlled ho machine ek din mey jitna rupee count karegi automatically wo portal par upload hota jaega.jisse transparency rahegi
0 0 Rejoinder: I am of the opinion that the provisions of the Act are applicable to all the banks. Please examine the legal position and issue necessary directions to all the banks.
0 0 Reply of HDFC Bank: Our advices in the matter are as under: The provisions of the 'The Persons with disabilities (Equal opportunities, protection of rights and full participation) Act, 1995' are not applicable to the private sector and consequently, our Bank does not come under its purview. The Bank has therefore not prescribed any quota for physically challenged persons.
0 0 Further Clarification: The practice of private banks like HDFC Bank of not recruiting physically handicap is also against Section 33 of the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportinities, Protection of Rights and Full Protection) Act, 1995, as per the Govt. guidelines.
0 0 This is to kindly write to you that it has come to notice that the Private Banks like HDFC Bank do not recruit physically handicap. These banks do not have reserve quota for physically handicap. This is unfair. The policies applicable to / in Nationalised Banks in this regard should also be applicable to these Private Banks. Please look into the matter and have necessary directions issued to these Banks. Looking forward, thanks and regards,
0 0 some times bank account holder gets credit of some amount in his account, of which , some times he does not receive advice from the amount remitter and the branch  is not able to disclose much about the said credit and the narration in pass book also does not clarify,  therefore, he is  unable to know the details of the credit. Kindly use your good offices for some arrangement that the branch receives full information from the remitter and , on demand, it issues a detailed credit advice to the
0 0 State Bank Of India (SBI) does not follow Companies Act , 1956, particularly sections 108 and 109 , as regards transfer and transmission of shares , but it follows its own Act , thereby  SBI allows transfer  / transmission of shares without transfer deed only in very few eventualities and SBI does not allow transfer  / transmission of shares without transfer deed in cases where transfer / transmission occurs by operation of law. Please use your good offices that SBI follows the Companies Ac
0 0 Rather, Banks may take services of existing share markets' KRAs and may have more integration (BCSBI/ RBI / IBA in consultation with SEBI) , by using one KYC for all the three purposes i.e. trading a/c, DP account and bank account. Client registration process (KYC) should be similar to issuance of PAN Card. Prospective client should submit an  application to a KRA and the KRA shall issue a Client Registration card (CRC),  data of which should be available for verification from the KRAs' websit
1 0 1. Make sure for morning time from 8 a.m. so i will convenient for all public who are doing private job. 2. Make sure the the FD maturity amount directly credit in the persons account, (IF they mention at the time of deposit) to avoid rush in bank. 3. Please provide Special treatment for Aged persons 4. for balance inquiry provide through miss call to bank (mobile facility)
0 0 1.	Please refer to following point no. 10 in the advertisement  : " 10. PRE EXAM TRAINING SBI may arrange pre-examination training at certain centers for SC/ST/XS/Religious Minority Community candidates" All / most of the banks are doing the same. I request you that such pre exam training be also provided to PWDs by all the banks. 2.	 Banks may too have KRAs (Know Your Client Registration Agencies ), akin to KRAs formed under SEBI guidelines for trading accounts of clients with share bro
0 0 Any institution is as good as the person heading it. Select right people as MDs- no compromise on integrity & competence. Reduce Govt. share holding on banks. Define the broad objectives of the banks & give functional autonomy to the management. Scrutinize the big loans which have become NPA & punish the people behind it. Drop the idea of loan waiving- it is like rewarding the defaulters &punishing the honest burrowers who repay the loan. Encourage merger of week banks with strong ones.
0 0 Sir u here are speaking abt improving performance of public sector banks n in Pune(Maharashtra), there was a RUPEE BANK FRAUD CASE  which is not yet resolved the people are facing challenges after seeing that the authorities of the public bank create ghotalas n take away all the money so how should we believe abt the transperacy of public banks as we deposit our savings Not only abt the RUPEE bank but also many such cases r dere in the state
0 0 Sir banking system is on verge of collapase due to large NPAs and restructuring. No wonder people dont trust banks and put money as deposits because large borrowers go scot free and small borrowers are prosecuted so people ask themselves "is my money safe in banks"?? Will bank lend me money? and last if large borrowers have right to go scot free even I have that right even I can argue right to equality in courts! Sir are you ready to bailout entire system? Do you have that much money in treasury
0 0 Sir in large scale NPAs where Public Sector Banks have not even filed court cases and they harass small borrowers and dont give credit to SMEs this seriously dampens governments credibility of surajya. People are watching every move of government even letting large borrowers go scot free. Sooner or later someone will file PIL in courts if you dont act it will result in PR disaster for goverment as more NPAs arise and you let people get scot free and dont recover money and allow large NPAs.
1 0 All PSB management responsibility should be given to private sector so they will manage in better way with high profitability and good customer satisfaction.But government should have control and laws to support end users also.PSB employee should be trained on gadget and must be intelligent and practical ( result oriented )
0 0 I am working as an officer with one of the leading PSB. With my experience, I can say that most of the defaulted loans belongs POLITICAL LEADERS only. If it is made mandatory by EC to get "Non Defaulter" certificate from banks for contesting the election & also CIBIL data of that person is also checked, most of the bad loans will surely be saved.
2 1 Sir bank personnel have a sense of feeling that what ever they do they will hardly be suspended but will not b removed from job this feeling troubles people a lot not nly the banking sector but each n every gov office this can be experienced nly soln to this is changing the manner of not removing the people from job those who are not working once u adopt the system that the private companies are using all will be on its way
3 0 Dear PM, First government should see employees concerns of PSBs and decide the fixed working hours and good ambience to work. If employees are happy they will provide good customer service. Also, now people are more demanding from PSB but when they are going to private sector they are sitting very silent ly. Also training of the Bank employees in certain interval. As PSB is having good talent and proved many times in the Indian economy. So these are the few points where government to focus.
0 0 Customer relationship should be improved. Bank lockers allotments should be made available to all classes of people.
0 0 It's very disturbing to see the work culture prevailing in India's PSBs. Each and every employees should be made accountable for his/her tasks. There is a stark difference between the performance in public & private banks. Most of the staffs are not co-operative, taking customers for granted. On one hand the government can inject new funds in such banks to make them tech savvy & on the other more control like appointment of the directors, CEOs should be taken over by the government.
1 0 Now a day’s people feel unsafe to keep their jewels at home. So they want to keep their valuable things at  “BANK LOCKER” but in our country,  looks only VIP can hold the bank lockers. Why don’t we request BANK to build more lockers and should allow the facility to at least 5% of  their a/c holders , I’m Jayaraman T.V From Thanjavur, TN,  Assume , in my town, at least 25,000 a/c  holders are ready to get LKR,  Bank can get Rs 10,000 FD per cust and also rent 500 PA.
0 0 Sir, I am Somnath Pagar studying in MBA final year.Now am working on new system of SMS base Mobile retail payment service(Pocket Bank) for Banks and in next some days i will definitely  developed this system. I found 95+% banks customers have mobile phones and it is beneficial for improving the banks performance. I think every bank must provide retail payment service through SMS using mobile phones. It is create financial inclusion for every person.
1 0 RBI should order every PS bank to reduce minimum limit of each savings account upto 500 only even customers having cheque book and debit cards.
0 0 1-Cash deposit charge for loan account or business account is wrong. 2- There must be provision of receiving for deposit of cheque. 3- In case of cheque bouncing depositer must not penalise. 4- Bank itself must issue a legal notice in case of cheque bouncing against issuer of cheque.
0 1 BOUNCING OF A CHEQUE SHOULD INVOLVE MINIMUM 5000/- PENALTY AND ONE YEAR IMPRISONMENT.
0 0 I HAVE SOME FEW SUGGESTIONS REGARDING HEALTH ASSURANCE ALSO
0 0 PLEASE ALLOW SUGGESTIONS FOR INSURANCE INDUSTRY ALSO AND THEN PREPARE NATIONAL HEALTH ASSURANCE BILL
0 0 All central, state government bodies  and its employees, public sector undertakings including the members of parliament, state legislatures, Prime Minister are suppose to take compulsorily Net Banking and mobile banking and avoid the entry in banks premises or should come during exigencies only.
0 0 INDIA TO BE DIGITAL MAKE BANKING DIGITAL.
0 0 PLEASE ALLOW PDF FILES ON THIS WEBSITE TO BE POSTED.
0 0 IT SHOULD NOT TAKE MORE THAN 1 YEAR TO IMPLEMENT THIS SUGGESTIONS IF THE GOVERNMENT IS SERIOUS ABOUT REFORMS IN PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS.
0 0 NO FUNDS BOOK IN THE BANK. BANK IS LOSING SOME 100-200 CRORES IN THIS PROCESS ON AN AVERAGE.
0 0 ALLOW AIR FARE TO THE EMPLOYEES TO RESUME THEIR DUTIES ON PRIORITY BASIS.
0 0 THEIR WAGE REVISION SHOULD BE WITH MINISTRY OF FINANCE AND NOT WITH IBA
0 0 3.	Allow FDI and private investment up to 49% in nationalized banks.
0 0 “Merger is a necessity” there should only be 5 banks. The following are the banks. A.	State Bank Of India B.	Punjab National Bank C.	Bank Of India D.	Bank of Baroda E.	Union Bank Of India
0 0 5.	Outsource the manual record keeping of the bank to some record keeping agency: This will help in improving productivity of the employees, branch will be spacious and the overall ambience of the branch will be neat and clean. The current structure makes the branch a hotchpotch area due to manually maintaining all the vouchers in the branch and simply dumping at one place. This also leads to frauds and many other undesirable things.
0 0 INSTALL AUTOMATIC PASSBOOK PRINTING INA ALL BRANCHES COMPULSORILY AND OUTSOURCE ALL ATM, CDM, PASSBOOK MACHINES
0 0 4.	Compulsory Outsource maintenance of technological unit of banks to one single company: Currently due to different educational background of staff they are facing difficulty in handling the banks technology and also due to some organizational loopholes. Employees should concentrate on banking and business development but in current scenario one person is looking after many things which is leading towards many operational problems. Compulsory outsourcing ATM’s, Cash deposit Machines.
0 0 The charge for savings bank account should be Rs. 50 monthly and current account Rs. 200/- monthly so that banks are made sufficient enough to generate revenues on their own without the help of the government.
0 0 6.	The rich needs to pay the service charge for the services rendered by the bank: There should be Account maintenance charges for current account customers and the customers who are maintaining minimum 25000/- in the savings bank account on a monthly average balance. The biggest benefit of this is the government doesn’t need to keep aside every year capitalization for the banks as it is doing presently. The charge for savings bank account should be Rs. 50 monthly and current account Rs. 200/- m
0 0 The reporting time to RBI for inward cheques clearing should be 8.00AM sharp from 11.30/12.00PM at present.
0 0 The minimum penalty fee should at least be Rs.5000/- to ensure minimum reporting of returned cheques by the bank compare to the present return ratio prevailing in the nationalized banks. This will help the people who are accepting cheques for their compensation and the drawee once presented the cheques in clearing the drawer is bound to pay which will ensure governance in the entire system. And instruct all the banks to stop generate funds book wherein intimation is given to customers
0 0 8.	To make India DIGITAL make BANKING DIGITAL: Encourage Banking Kiosk which works like ATM’s, Accept cash, cheques, which prints monthly statement of current and savings account with charges of nominal Rs 5/- or  Rs. 10/- in order to maintain paper and rolls in the machine. The idea behind this machine is that routine or basic work of people is done outside bank premises and will save lot of their precious time.  All central, state government bodies  and its employees, public sector undertaking
0 0 Have a relook at the Wage Negotiation process of the bank: the current negotiations methods are inappropriate and fail to fetch the desired results for the staff. It’s a huge industry and their negotiation should be directly with the Finance ministry. Realize X bipartite settlement with 40% wage revision. If an employee takes promotion his benefits, allowances and salary should be double then only some body will take promotion. Allow them to travel by air if situation permits to resume their dut
0 0 Revise the definition of big banks from present 3,00,000 CR to 5,00,000 CR
0 0 Every year banks are involved in window dressing to hide the actual figures and this year also they will be involved in order to save the entity from getting merged.
0 0 16.	INSTRUCT ALL BANKS TO INSTALL AUTOMATIC PASSBOOK PRINTING MACHINES AND CASH DEPOSIT MACHINES (CDM). AND THE CDM SHOULD ACCEPT CASH INITIALLY UP TO 1,00,000/- TO AVOID RUSH IN BRANCHES  AND IF SUCCESSFUL THEN LIMIT SHOULD BE INCREASE UP TO 5,00,000 AND 10,00,000/-
0 0 8. PENSIONERS SHOULD SUBMIT LIFE CERTIFICATES TO THE PENSION PAYING AUTHORITY AND NOT BANKS. 9. 5 day banking is possible now thanks to alternate delivery channels like ATM, Net Banking, and Mobile Banking which are enabled 24 HRS 10.
0 0 6. Give more responsibility to clerks such as increase their powers to pass up to 5, 00,000/- in their ID itself. It will help in better deliverance of service to customers. 7. Increase the RTGS/NEFT charges 8. Impose “BANKING TRANSACTION TAX” ON TRANSACTIONS ABOVE RS. 5, 00,000/- TO STOP TAX EVASION AND CURB BLACK MONEY. 9. REMOVE 15G/15H FORMS IMMEDIATELY. THIS IS THE BIGGEST SOURCE OF TAX EVASION. INSTRUCT BANKS NOT TO DEBIT TDS A/C EXCEPT FOR REMITTING TAX TO THE GOVERNMENT.
0 0 Banking at door step in rural area. Using well equipped van with GPS link with branch,small Bio-metric machine for deposit and withdrawal cash, should be send to villages. So that people can access bank facility easily. Also they will deposit unused small amounts in houses.
0 0 1.Merger of Nationalized Banks, 2.2.	Compulsorily maintain only 51% share in the nationalized banking unit 3. 6.	The rich needs to pay the service charge for the services rendered by the bank 4. Ensure a penalty fee for bouncing of a cheque in any account including saving or current account of at least Rs. 5000/- and one year imprisonment for persons who is habitual of issuing cheques without having sufficient balance. 5. Realize X bipartite settlement with 40% wage revision.
0 0 3) Laws should be amended suitably to enable banks to recover dues from borrowers speedily.
0 0 Please think for the review of the pay of the bank officials espesially for those who deal with the customer/public directly. Clerks & Officers in the branch in all the PSU Banks must be enhanced with the tools and technology to handle effectively the pressure at the ground level to deliver the state-of-the-art facility to the common public.
0 0 I want to post many suggestions regarding performance of PSB but PDF files are not allowed on this website. I am posting on Department of public greivances. please have a look
0 0 Sir/Madam, I (K. Moneesh Kumar) pursuing Ph.D. (Full-time) in Department of Commerce, University of Madras, Chepauk Chennai. I hereby attached few suggestions (Image File) pertaining to my study i.e. "MANAGING NON-PERFORMING ASSETS (NPAs) – A STUDY WITH REFERENCE TO PUBLIC AND PRIVATE SECTOR BANKS IN INDIA" I hope it will be useful to improve performance of our Public Sector Banks. Best Regards, K. Moneesh Kumar
0 0 1) ATM cards/ machines should be linked to mobile number of the user to avoid frauds in ATM transactions. 2) At present, audits are divided into several parts like a) Statutory audit, b) Income Audit, etc. The statutory audit should cover all aspects of audit. At present the appointments for an year are done at the year end; and auditors are required to complete audit within one week after the end of the year. The appointments should be done in Sept. to give sufficient time for doing audit.
0 0 its linked with saving account and also he can’t play or do forgery with the card as his saving account will be sealed 5.	Public sector banks has to have an additional setup for miscellaneous needs , may be it can approach any agency providing thes needs for assistance, so this will be like a onestop shop for customers. Eg: A one stop counter or May I hep you counter where a individual can avial services like New Pan-card, Passport,driving licence, insurance, Income/House Tax Etc.
0 0 4.	New idea needs to be brain stormed where Merge debit and credit cards, so people donot have to carry 2 cards with them separately, people will be given virtual credit wherein the payment due period may be very less. So here saving account ATM card will act as credit balance to the beneficiary where he can use this card for his credit to a certain limit only say for example double of your saving account will be his credit Limit. Now here will be spending his amount with care as he knows its
0 0 then then automatically that amount will be debited this can be of a huge popularity for public sector  banks where A human being can avail the benefit of discount as well as he will be extremely happy for getting an at least 0.00000001% opportunity to serve nation. Serve India… Here A normal tendency observed is that suppose X public sector bank saves my 25 rs I donot mind to pay a minimum of Rs 1 and Max 25 to serve India. Save India..
0 0 any user swipes his card he will be getting a discount say for example I fill fuel of Rs 500 at any petrol pump outlet, if I get Rs 5 as straight discount so I will be charged 475 and rs 25 will be my discount and some part for which I receive an SMS now here we can add in that SMS.. Sir/Madam... Thanks for giving an opportunity to serve you. You have got Rs 25 discount out of this saving do to wish to donate any amount to Pradhan mantri Rahat kosh? Yes-No f he selects yes a popup asking for amt
0 0 passbook so this point we can have as magical moment added to advertise and sponsor our banks to attract big companies towards them 2.	Major schemes which can be ruled out for public sector banks are : 1.	National international ATM card 2.	Well facilitated Net Banking facility where any billers the account holder if pays online he gets 1% discount (1% is just for example. It depends) 3.If possible Tie ups with not only any specific petrol pump but with all petrol pumps or vice versa where if a
0 0 with private banks (which is under zero balance, ATM card, Net banking) so a major chunk of population employed with various companies are bound to go with this Pvt banks so news schemes to be introduced to attract giant companies to open their salary accounts with the public sector banks ..1 most and major top attraction and additional point we have with  public sector bank is that they provide pass book which acts as a legal document whereas most of the PVT/Cooperative  banks donot provide pas
0 0 1.	A very drastic and immediate change which public sector banks needs to switch over and towards which I would lie to draw your attention is “Salary Saving’s accounts” “Introduction to Jan Dhan yojana was a success where all account holders who did not had any bank accounts did open their accounts. Now we need to also bring in the ones who have their accounts. I myself working in Infosys BPO for PMO role here & other corporate sector banks we see that all major companies have their Salary acont
0 0 ) so this if you think from micro to macroeconomics you would come to know investment wise they have incurred cost for machinery as well as for labor but on the other hand they have taken Dual advantage planned out: A.	Less staff to be invested on cash counters. B.	More people getting attracted toward bank as in this bank specifically Time is saved especially on weekends so people prefer to invest their deposits here. This is see missing in public sector banks and more in Pvt and Coperative bnk
0 0 Namaskaram,Honorable Sir, First of all a team of example 3-5 members needs to be setup to observe and do brain storming on what’s’ the new innovative way private sector banks have approached, to which people have also showed their liking towards it. To take a few example (in xxx bank I see a machine installed where I can deposit my cash in the machine itself, also I can get my passbook filled automatically, they deploy only 1 member there (usually security guard who does this)
0 0 Bank employees are often resorting to Strikes thereby causing inconvinience to the public at large. Their impending  wage revision issue to be resolved at the earliest. Also Govt to take stern action against Loan Defaulters. Profits of the banks being wiped off in Provsioning for NPA.
1 0 Plz provide banking licencee to small NBFC org. for collecting maximum revenue and increase in employments also & RBI get maximum security amt to accelerate many beneficial polices   and provide Banking Corespondent to every gram shabha where every person get facility to deposit money like daily wages worker and provide small amt. of FD for short time by this Gov. get maximum revenue to expend on infrastructural growth and public's expense capacity will increase to purchase or investment.
0 0 we just have NEFT, RTGS so far. Banks should enable transfer of money using the email address and phone numbers easily. e.g. If someone owes me some money, they should be able to just use my email address as "recipient" instead of using the account number and branch codes.
0 0 public banks must develop direct tie up with all types of  taxation department for payment as well as for refund also.reminders for due of EMI .evaluation of public banks working time to time . for senior citizen home services pick up and drop at door steps for depositing and withdrawing money and other banking services.
0 0 This is just a suggestion to all the banks, not only PSB. In USA, the interest rate for any loan depends on the creditworthiness of the borrower. Its measured using credit score. I heard credit score is being used in India recently, but not sure if would make any difference on the interest rate now. I would really be happy, if such things can be tracked and maintaining a better score will have rewards such as ease of getting loans, credit cards, limit & interest rates for creditcards loans etc.
0 0 1) Crystal clear segregation of the government social responsibility to financially reach the poorest of poor and sustainable banking business 2) Stop the policy of recruitment for life in government and public sector. Presently candidates waste four to five years, pass the recruitment exam & join the organization for rest of life.
0 0 make public sector banks 's employees efficient in working .most of the time their behavior with customers is not up-to.Some time because of bank's employees mistake( their part of mistake) customer have to follow long procedure to rectify bank's staff mistake. quality of work and more hours like private banking sector also needed.
0 0 online clearing system of cheques instrument. no physical attachment to slip just fill online details of the cheque to your online bank account  and number of account of payer and payee and relevant details and send scan copy of cheque to concern bank.
0 0 There should be method to check PSU banks employee performance as they in their 8 hours duty effectively worked for 5 hours due to which customer suffers. Further their attitude is like we are begger but they forget that customers are the only reason because of bank survives
2 0 My suggestion is regarding 'Money Deposit Machines'.Like ATM, which a customer uses to debit the amount from his bank account, 'Money Depositing Machines' can be deployed in ATM outlets like that at many places in 'Delhi Metro', so that a person can deposit money in her/his account from there itself without the need to travel in banks.This will reduce the time of the customer and even the bank employees and will help in to improve their efficiency.This can be initiated from a small level.
1 0 Further to my earlier suggestions.(5) There should be adequate focus on Customer Service-Create exclusive Service positions like Customer Service Managers, train all staffs on Customer Service, have dedicated zones in select branches for HNI or super HNIs, have dedicated Relationship Managers for HNIs. Most customers bank with Foreign and Private Banks for the want of service and pampering.Most of them will be happier to bank with Nationalised Banks if they receive the same attention and care.
0 0 Home branch system should be removed as we are in modern era, all bank branches are computerised then why to go to home branch. By the way there should be a system in which we can operate our account from any branch.
2 0 (3) Encourage net banking and ATM usage to minimise branch footfall. (4) Limit the social shemes to a certain percentage of each banks business.(Say, 10% of all the advances should be for social schemes).
2 0 My suggestions are as follows:1) Build up centralised credit departments in line with the Private Banks.Branches should collect the loan applications and forward them to the Central Credit Dept.This is bound to improve the quality of the loans disbursal and reduce NPA.(2)Focus more on 3rd party products like Mutual Funds, General Insurance, etc to increase the non fund income..Have a dedicated sales team and set targets for the Branch Managers for these products.
0 0 1. Provide free internet banking for everyone, a good web interface and simple processes. We should be able to do majority of the work using internet banking. Also, provide free text messages for transactions and account alerts. 2. Treating customers professionally is highly important. Most of the times, the staff think they are doing a favor to their customers. This is a service industry. They should respect their customers and treat them well. May be, a training for everyone would help!
0 0 i would like to say due to reduce the ATM transaction the people will start going to bank and it will increase the work load on banker in most of the bank they open single window but non of the window work on this and work has been divide for every window  so some window have more work load and same time some siting  without work   and bank lunch timing should be like that no work held up on all  window at one time some evening branches to be open for govt employee so he can work after his
0 0 Following are my suggestions: 1. Stop using PSBs for promoting government schemes. 2. Set sells target to each employee which will improve profit per employee. 3. Reduce the stake below 30%. 4. Keep a separate entity for micro finance (government promoted schemes). The products will be sold by the banks (PSB and private banks) and also responsible for recovery. 5. Merge the smaller PSB to improve the customer service.
0 0 The only way to make perform PSBs is to make it highly professional keeping away bureaucrats from interfering in banks' matters and bringing in discipline among banks, borrowers and fixing accountability through penal measures appropriately introduced using  a statistical model with the aid of Information technology. If there is a will there is a way.
0 0 Full use of IT like in new gen. private banks. This will keep the operating expenses minimum. Open more branches to reach everybody, with least number of employees. Connect all accounts with Aadhar card so that manipulations are avoided. Train staff periodically to act as servants of people, not their bosses. Privatization is not the answer. Use professional management. 51% or more share must be in govt. hand. Strict control by RBI and CVC should be there.That is why we do not have any bankrupts
0 0 Merge all banks below Rupees 200000 crore balance sheet size. Merge all SBI and its affliate banks. Increase the capital of banks by going for overseas listing or GDR. reduce the stake of government below 50%. Remove CBI & CVC supervision.
0 0 Clerical cadre should be sized down drastically and replaced by supervisory cadre.2.Performance and not exams should be the key criteria for promotions.3.Inspection departments should me manned by people who have through knowledge and not by people who are willing to travel and see it as an assignment to keep away from branches.Social objectives/obligations of banking should be handled separately from regular business banking. 4.Option to revert back to lower grade should be introduced etc.etc..
0 0 Sir, Large number of NPA indicated that risk assessment of loans issued is poor and also indicates accepting business projections submitted by customers' for loans without challenging them. A tight policy and good training on risk assessment will drastically reduce NAPs.
0 0 I am Santhosh Kumar From Thrissur District - Kerala State. several government implemented schemes for controlling populationIf it controlled by law, there will be more complications like minority majority communal problems. If ‘Desh Bhakth lok” trying to control the birth, they will become fools, they will get nothing. If you are offering 10% or 20% reservation to single child on government jobs, military forces, state government jobs, central government jobs, there will be a dramatically change
0 0 Due to technology, banks are working on Core Banking plate form. branches are overloaded with non productive work. 1. increase the number of branches but lesser staff, say 3-4 only who will service only day to day needs of general public like account opening, receipt and pay cash, issue cheque book/debit card/pass book etc. rest of the work like loan processing, recovery, data correction, submission of MIS should be done by back offices who may work for a cluster of branches.
0 0 employees are the real asset of any organisation. until they get involved, things may not improve. presently bank job has not remained attractive because of lesser salary, undue pressures, long working hours.1. do the wage settlement at the earliest. 2. make the employees accountable at all levels. 3. give freedom to take courageous decisions by removing fear of staff side cases/vigilance cases.
1 0 1) banks already take ATM charges then why limit no. of ATM usage?this is not the way to control rush in ATMs but to loot money. upper limit on debit card should be increased. some shops charge extra if u pay by debit cards,stop that. if people will use debit card for payment directly then automatically ATM rush will be less. stop paper wastage in ATMs. paper receipt shud b given only when customer wants so, there can be such option after transaction. 2)loans are serious issue. care loans are cheaper than education loans. why so?banks are after common man if defaults and somehow manage recovery,but what happens to them when it comes to big businessmen???
0 0 Plz help me in loan procedure I'm student and struggling for educational loan 2 months ago now still my file  on Clarks table why not it's pass forward Now, I'm can't pay my fees and these fox like national bank employees are continues harassing me and my family Why? Is that sector give importance and plz help me I'm from, Ambajogai, Dist-beed,Maharashtra 431517 -plz improve this sector otherwise open categories students can't get education , MODIJI says P2G2 Pro people good govt
0 0 loan process.Allow the banks to sanction or reject a loan purely based on merit.Promote staff based purely on merit n performance.Hire local ppl for all levels of cadres.Provide them quarters facility.Minimise transfers.Happy employees r the best assets to banks who need to give good  customer service.
0 0 Pay well n attract talented youngsters. Outsource customer service oriented transactions on the lines of LIC,Private,Foreign banks etc.Allow usage of cars for recovery purpose by banks for all banks as in the case of SBI.Employ experienced recovery agents.Start specialised branches for lending to special categories of advances like,Agri Fiance Branch,Housing Finance br,SSI br,FX br.Employ specialised technical officers like Agri Grauates,Engineers,CA etc.Don't allow state gov to interfere in
0 0 Hello sir I have twitted many times to you. Regarding the shift of Banks. I think Banks timing should also be change or extend. It can be bifurcate into two shift. Why it is? If a working needs to visit bank he or she would have problem to reach  the office on time. Or he would take the leave for the day. *Stretch of shift would increase the number of vacancies *  increase the daily transactions * It would be easy to attend office whether a person go to office in any shift. thnks Ram
0 0 1) Updated technology to be used. 2) Minimum employee & maximum output to be the mantra. 3)A system to be developed such that at the worst case only customer has to visit the bank & all the normal interactions can be done through internet or mobile. 4) Non-performing assets of the banks to be reduced to zero. 5) Bank employees should be customer friendly. 6) Bank holidays to be reduced & bank strikes to be seen as crime and it to be stopped. Here Govt. also has to take care.
0 0 Bring innovations in their marketing and customer relation strategies by way of formulating different products and technology based delivery systems. Human Resource initiatives to be focused: planning of career path for employees, sharing organizations performance related information with employees, allowing creativity and innovation amongst employees,empowering employees, flexi time and new work arrangements,need based transfers,health promotion programmes, improved working conditions, qwl etc.
0 0 It also suggested that high quality human resource capital in combination with the strategic use of the resources influences organization’s outcomes and performance thus makes it more competitive.
0 0 It can be achieved by increasing employee involvement, supervising the employees in more facilitative manner rather directive, giving them rewards based on their performance, promoting skill based pay in order to encourage them, maintaining employment stability by setting up clear and achievable performance goals, developing their skills through quality training, by adding technical and professional employees who do value added work, providing flexible working schedules.
0 0 Manager should also recognize the talent from within the bank by framing clear promotional policies. Staff should be acquired from within subject to suitability and eligibility to promote and develop them for the future. This will result in higher motivation, building commitment and loyalty among employees.As people are responsible for making customers happy, management should ensure that the organization should have quality training to reinforce the importance of customer focus.
0 0 Training should be aimed at sharpening competencies so that employees can successfully operate in global business environment. Enrich the existing training programmes, and include e-learning in a big way.Incentives and Performance related pay systems should be followed in areas like deposit mobilization and loan recoveries.
0 0 I understand that salaries of bank employees are pathetic. A newly joined probationary officer in a public sector bank does not get salary of an unskilled helper in govt service. So no capable fellow joins bank. Even if by mistake they join most of the good fellows quit within the first year. Without a reasonable pay package ( at least equivalent to govt service, public sector banks can not attract or retain talent.  In due cource banks will have only people rejected by all other employers
0 0 Narasimhmam Committee’s recommendation pertaining to priority sector lending should be implemented without any further delay. (Bring down priority sector lending target from 40% to 10%).
0 0 Salary of bank employees should be raised to bring it on par with employees under Department of Atomic Energy.  Freebies like LFC, and other claims where there is scope of manipulating bill or other unscrupulous activities should be done away with.
0 0 First and foremost thing to be done to increase efficiency of PSB is to see that the tenets of social banking do not clash with the tenets of sound banking. Banking is more a business than a service.The banks are, as of now, hostage to the whims of trade unions which are politically controlled. Curtail powers of trade unions. Make them accountable to the equity shareholders.
0 0 Dilute government share holding and increase number of retail share holders. Typically government share holding should be not more than 26%. Banks should be allowed to go on strike and suspend services only when approval from a minimum 26% of shareholders is received.
0 0 A separate group with expertise in Cyber Security and Information Technology Infrastructure should be constituted to supervise, analyze and guide the IT groups of Public Sector Banks. Bank’s IT infrastructure should be subject to periodic audits by this group. Their recommendation should be binding on Public Sector Banks. This expert group should come under Ministry of Home Affairs and report to National Security Advisor. Governor of RBI should be ex officio chairman of this group.
0 0 Banks must NOT be allowed to undertake insurance business and portfolio management. This will ensure that they engage more in lending for earning and not on commission from insurance companies.
0 0 A separate group within each PSB which mines the data available with bank to analyze customer trends and helps in devising customer centric products should be created. Encourage the loan recovery group and marketing and sales group to be Techno Savvy and harness the use of technology in reaching out to customers.
0 0 Each Public Sector Bank should pay a fixed percent of revenue, say, 0.25 percent as royalty or subscription charges to Government of India, in addition to the dividend. In return to these charges, Government of India should make available crucial data regarding individuals and companies it has, so that banks can make an informed decision while providing credit. This will help in reducing NPAs and also check money laundering to a large extent.
0 0 Large Scale exodus from the Banking sector can be expected in 2015,2016. The VRS optees can also be on an increase. Reasons are obvious.
0 0 For employees with grade Assistant Manager and above, a component of their salary should be tagged with the profitability of banks. As an employee’s grade increases, there should be a commensurate increase in the component of salary tagged to profit. For illustration, 15 percent of Assistant Manager’s salary should be variable, i.e. it should be fixed based on bank’s profit in previous quarters.
4 0 Pegging the bankmen salary at low levels citing poor conditions of banks may not be a good motivator .
0 0 Promote app banking for those who at least who can access that. Depositing a cheque via mobile app is a good option. That saves a lot of time for the cashier at the cash counter of the branches. Even deposit of cash and cheque at ATMs would help a lot. That provides access to the customers 24/7 on all 365 days for deposits. A more user-friendly staff can help ease out pressures. Live Chat should be available 24/7 on the website to answer queries.
0 0 Minimum component of Staff to run a branch is a norm available on paper in Banks. Normally it is five - Manager to last level. This will ensure smooth customer Service.
0 0 While appraising the quantum of loan permissible Banks should stop treating the everlasting figures of Share Application money or " borrowing from friends and relatives " as QUASI CAPITAL . This practice of treating these items as capital  is like encouraging malpractices. It is also possible that money borrowed for one company can be lent to another company in the guise of unsecured borrowings from friends and relatives and the other company will further borrow from banks and so on..
0 0 Appointing consultants should be avoided and in house talent and experience should be utilised to identify the problems and solutions.
0 0 Namaskaram sir.. please do let me know if we can send any document to any email id because I am not able to uload JPG, PNG or word doc here..The suggestion which I posted has been pasted only half..i want to give full document
0 0 One can not expect private sector service at public sector service charges. So comparison needs to be based on the level of class banking and mass banking. Otherwise we will be ignoring reality. How much govt schemes are implemented by Private Sector Banks and how much of their rural penetration is there may give a clear picture,
0 0 public sector bank employees are lack of public relation etiquette.if there is any villager or a poor man then they don't count them even as a person.this need to be looked into...
0 0 Respected Sir The staff strength at class III & class IV is disproportionately huge in all PSU banks. It is bottom heavy. the PSU banks are short of middle level executives in special function like accounting, overseas fund raising, foreign exchange department. Appointment for GM & above level to be made only board of directors of the bank and not by RBI or finance ministry. Or a common appointment committee like UPSC by inviting open recruitment process. bring more professionals on lateral en
1 1 Namaskaram, Honorable Sir, 1.	First of all a team of example 3-5 members needs to be setup to observe and do brain storming on what’s’ the new innovative way private sector banks have approached, to which people have also showed their liking towards it. To take a few example (in xxx bank I see a machine installed where I can deposit my cash in the machine itself, also I can get my passbook filled automatically, they deploy only 1 member there (usually security guard who does this) so this if you
0 0 The major drawback in any Public sector bank,which I feel, is that they lack in "customer satisfaction"... I am trying to get internet banking password activated for my salary account since last 5-6 months but it is not working out... If public sector banks focus on this issue, they can grow on a great scale..
1 0 stop cross country transfers in Public Sector Banks specially those who has already reached 55 . this is effecting efficiency. local posting will help in recovery and proper identification of borrowers. Technology products to be popularize.
0 0 Pls make easy norms those working in PVT bank like HDFC,ICICI so these people can easily joined because. age criteria, cast culture. This is impossible to work people who are currently working with pvt bank and they wish join public sector bank.
0 0 sir, avoid opening more branches in the same town/ locality. transport facilities are abundant in towns so no difficulty for the customers to reach a branch the work at the counters is very very slow no proper supervision  allot separate counter for issue of ddsin major branches till such time dd system is abolished as suggested by me earlier
0 0 install machines to deposit cash upto 200000 as done by karur vysya bank stop issuing demand drafts ask all appointing authorities to open bank  accounts applicants must deposit fees by rtgs huge paper and time can be saved by this method waiting time to get number for a/cs opened online must be reduced from the present 3 to 4 hours. more work must be extracted from the staff as all work has been computerized.
0 0 Dear PM PSU banks are insisting on PAY IN SLIPS even when a/c number is mentioned on the cheque. Pvt.sector banks do not. Cheque books are courierd individually to residence address incurring avoidable expenses.May be issued from branch across the counter. Even though RBI has freed SB interest rate all Banks have formed Cartel & uniformly offering 4% . As Sr.Citizens can not block funds in FDs they may please be given at least 6 or 7% on their SB a/c balance.
0 0 contd.. Linking loans with police records will not only reduce NPAs of Banks but may reduce crime rates. People who are not interested in jobs are not afraid of police FIRs against them as they can take loans and start business, can get car loans, home loans etc. Police records are huge database but linking it to banking will help them trace money laundering and will help us save ourselves from lending to criminal headed people.
0 1 Respected Sir, Hon. Shri. Narendraji Modi Priminister of India New Delhi. Sadar Pranam. kisi bhi customer ne ek bar jo interest rate se loan liya ho. to dubara use badhe huye interest rate ka bhar nahi sosna padna chahiye.jis din vo loan leta hai us din jo rate hai vahi customer ko aakhari tak chalana chahiye.  rate kam huye to bhi jo rate se loan liya vahi rate se chalna chahiye. Pradeep Sarode Nagpur 9890255330
0 0 Very tough time now a days for banking sector being a dependency of everyone. Systems solution like advancement of technology supported for everyone, self working ATM for all purposes, discourage of un-healthy competitions between bank, similar policies for each bank will be helpful.Full fledge loan sector banking should be working seperately & independently. Basic activities should also be more fruitful by giving the extra benefit & facility like insurance, incentives etc.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I am working as loan officer since last 4 years in state bank group. I have worked with corporates, SME and retail loans as well. One of my suggestion to improvise PSBs is to stringent the lending techniques. During appraisal process, we are required to check ITRs, Sales Tax Returns, Reports from Credit information Bureus, other Bank statements etc. Why not police records?? Why don't we have an online mechanism to check police record of the applicant. Contd...
0 0 Continue Who are always underpressur to meet the targates Private banks are flourishing as they are working on their whims and are bussines oriented,thay must also be asked to open the account of poor people with0 balance and  gov schemes should  also be run through them National banks are the back bone of economy  bank employees are dealing with gov money so pay  and perks of all the national bankes emploee should be same with periodic increments.
0 0 1. Remove the lunch hr concept. They are not labourers but professionals. 2. CBS is not CBS. For any account modifications one has to visit home branch. 3. Improve call centres. 4. Managers don't use mails for communication. 5. Some discretion of the branch managers should be withdrawn. 6. ATM network to be made more robust, cash to be replenished timely. 7. Ambience of branches to be improved. 8. More people participation sought.
0 0 Respected Prime Minister, I am working in Union Bank of India.And my wife is working in Axis Bank. Comparing both,there is huge disparity in our monthly salary drawn. Whereas the work pressure and targets remain same.Also with Saturday working, we don't have time to rejuvenate ourselves.Therefore,for improving performance of public sector banks,salary of employees should be at current industry level and 5 days working should be there for employees to relax themselves. Regards Gaurav Pathak
0 0 Standing in front of gun point no one can perform well. For better performance you need better employee  in bank, for that government should provide good  working atmosphere with better Salary which attract better people to join bank. That ultimately improve public sector bank's performance. Banking industry is highly risk oriented, so there should be more use of technology to reduced the risk. govt should enact some laws to reduced loan defaulters.Corruption at highest level should be monitored
0 0 The performance of public sector banks can be improved by making the ambience of the banks very good, this makes the employee of the bank comfortable so that he gives the required service to the customer. Also, conveyance should be provided to them. The customer will be happy if he receives the service without any hassle, this will bring more customers, thereby the banks' performance increases.
0 0 Continue Gov money lying in suspense accounts either should be returned to Reserve  bank for onwards transmission  to the gov treasury or the respective Departments may be asked for proper reconciliation with bsnks Vacancies must be filled with regular staff in Banks Name of loan Defaulters who took loans above certain limits  should be published in the leading newspapers with photograph after following proper procedures instead of being given harsh punishment to the Bank incharges
0 0 Allow only single bank account to any individual or company throughout India to check black money or multiple accounts in multiple banks must be banned.
0 0 Lots of Gove money is lying in suspense accounts in the banks. Gov spends crores and crores on Welfare schems throughECS. Undisbursed amount keep on accumulating in the suspense account of the respective banks.Due to migrations,or death Or mis match Of data of the beneficiaries are the reasons of undisbursments. Bank incharges don't know to which dept and with whom name  cheques is to be issued  There may not be the problem in Delhi but in other big  states something needs to be done.
0 0 The govt should give proper preference to salary settlement of bank employees. A human resource cannot give his 200% unless he is not given the expected appraisals and appreciations.
0 0 Before expecting something from banks government  should look into the situation of newly recruited bankers no good salary ,ever increasing work pressure and so much risky work and no one is heading to the call for bipartite settlement .does we don't  require money to run over homes. The salary is nothing and work is increasing it will not work that is the prime reason  of so much turn over by new recruits . As they tend to leave the banks with first opportunity
0 0 Bank should be performances based.so union based benefits should be abolished. Either branch wise or region wise performance analysis based benefits do that best br.gets better benefits. Activities control should be enforced, day to day work monitored and yearly performance evaluated for an employee, br,region based on benefits paid.NPA CUSTOMER SATISFACTION SHOULD BE KEY FOR ALL BENEFIT. Benefits based on ROI of the branch. Rules to this effect with independent HR team to be formed. I can hel
0 0 As long as people at decision making level in Banks, be it Advances,HR or other business like recovery etc., are of utmost integrity, honesty and committed to the institution what ever high talks we do about improving Banking will only be lip service.  As of now inefficiency, corruption, self interest and henchmanship are their qualities. A few exception may be found but they are always silenced.  Kindly do something for SWATCH Banking.
0 0 To ensure "Bank for all" in Bharat.Welcome the Dhan Jan Yojana.The Banks forward hands to the every common bharatiya .The account holders are the customer of the Bank,Grahak Ishwar.Banks continue their well support to the account holders.The  facilities like drinking water,wide sitting and waiting spaces,inquiry/support counters,office stationers like pen and paper,tea and snacks on payment,sale of hall mark gold ornaments suggestion/complaint box and parking. Discourage the frauds.Aware all.
0 0 Public sector banks like public administration, welding considerable power and perks have no work ethics and culture. There need be two level of hierarchy in each bank branch i.e. Branch manager and branch assistance. The supervision shall be not by Regional offices but from head office. Delay need be monitored and responsibility fixed. Encourage sincere and dedicated workers, suitable incentives to be provided whereas summery punishment for delinquents. Merger of banks have to be considered.
0 0 With my direct experience with bank my observations. 1.Except the Bm no body work like an productive employees, they come at will, form groups any keep talking, they walk out at will, they threaten their superiors with union.Remidy 1.They should be accountable, movement control by digital register, daily report on work alloted and completed for the day. 2. Any illegal activity should be punished. 3.Branch wise productivty monitor and increments, facilities.NPA IS YARD STICK FOR ALL BENEFIT.
1 0 Why Public Sector Banks need to create and manage Bank specific ATMs? All Public Sector Banks come together by pooling resources in creating a unified independent entity (accountable to RBI for running anytime financial transaction business  as a real time interface between the Bank and its customer) to plan, manage and expand ATM outlets all across the country - one nation, one brand of ATM. This efficiency enhancement approach is evident with its success track in many European nations.
0 0 Not encouraging in house talent particularly with regard to Information Technology, greater dependency on outside consultants who are alien to the working of the bank, Greater responsiblity and accountability.without any rewards  management top heavy, too many people monitoring the same work like left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing, step motherly treatment to rank promotees.  are some of the short comings. RBI should thoroughly overhaul its monitoring mechanism,
0 0 The book on NPA management published by IIBF has dealt with the topic in depth when NPAs in banks were sinking the PSBs in the early1990sand has brought out a statistical model as a workable solution in tackling the menace of NPAs without adversely affecting the stake holders of banks other than the bad borrowers. The Statistical model suggested therein to prevent formation of NPAs and liquidate them with the contributions from bad borrowers has been tested and found to be practical and workable
0 0 1)Business Per Employee PSBs is 141%of the PvtBk2)Other Income 8%PSB against 16%PvtBk 3)NPA of PSB 4.5%against 2%pvtbk indicate that The pvtbanks have special machinery and specialise staff to Handle/Contol Other business&NPA.No Use Though Gov increase Employees/Specialists in PSB as Current PSB Organisational Structure of PSB is unable to control.Kolkata Branch contolled by HO in Mumbai same cases for all PSBs.I Suggest a pattern"ONE STATE ONE PSB".which will reduce Admin Expenditre,NPA control
0 0 ( 1 ) SURPRISE / SUDDEN, MONTHLY  AUDIT OF LOANS, BORROWERS, THEIR CREDITWORTHINESS, LOAN NORMS COMPLIED REPORTS, VISITS OF AUDITORS TO THEIR PREMISES, etc. TO BE PERIODICALLY UNDERTAKEN-ESPECIALLY BEFORE SANCTIONING & AS THE LOANS GETS INTO NPAs & AFTER BECOMING NPAs. ( 2 ) NON-EMPLOYEES / OUTSIDE RECOVERY AGENTS TO BE APPOINTED TO ACT SOFTLY AS WELL AS STRICTLY WITH DEFAULTERS. THEY SHOULD ADOPT SOFT, STRICT, STRICTER, STILL MORE STRICTER & ASSET RECOVERY TECHNIQUES FOR EACH COMPOUNDING DEFAULT. ( 3 ) THESE RECOVERED ASSETS TO BE DISPOSED-OFF / SOLD IN AUCTION WITHIN 3 OR 6 MONTHS OF RECOVERY-with due information to the Defaulter / Guarantor. ( 4 ) ONLY EXISTING CUSTOMERS OF BANKS FOR MORE THAN 2 OR 3 YEARS TO BE GIVEN LOAN-ie. a person who wants to obtain loan, should not become a customer " NAME SAKE ." for getting loan.  EXISTING CUSTOMERS FOR MORE THAN 2 or 3 YEARS or AGE-WISE TO BE GIVEN PRIORITY FOR LOAN THAN LOAN TO A NEW CUSTOMER. Thanks, Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843 COIMBATORE.
0 0 All banks should be regularly monitored. audit of all the branches should be. Bank staff should be updated . NPA Account regular monitored and try to regularize the same. Public should be aware about operation of Banks. Rural Credit Facility should be monitored and to be reached to only needy kisaan/ Person.CA firm should be unknown party to the Branch and its officials. Auditor should report comment on real time basis to the Authority and RBI. The faith of public shall be increase.
0 0 I feel that the expenses incurred and income earned should be divided into two sections. One the activities of the Bank as a Banker and second which is incurred to meet social obligations towards the weaker section of the society. The banks should then analyse whether its making the profits in line with that of Private Sector Banks. And check if it is discharging the government schemes efficiently and if there is improved efficiency in regards to costs from scheme to scheme.
1 0 The current lot of PSU bank employees are generally a fatted, over-fed lot, with little or no accountability to the public, whose taxes and accounts they r the beneficiaries of. Increase accountability. Improve hygiene and inner-office environment, link salaries to performance instead of number of years in the bank. Training in customer relations to run concurrently with training in rules and bye-laws, will go a long way. Or PRIVATISE !
0 0 1. Government Should desist from the culture of loan waiver 2. Rewarding Honest Customer for timely repayment and financial exclusion for the defaulters. 3. More Autonomy to banks in Policy making, HR, Customer selection primarily corporate customers without external influence. 4. Robust Insolvency Policy for Corporate Defaulters and their Beneficial Owners..5. DRT's and related law enforcers performance should be reviewed periodically.5. Defaulter's asset sale should be eased without hurdles.
1 0 TO INCREASE THE EFFICIENCY / PERFORMANCE OF PSBs, THE FOLLOWING IDEAS CAN BE FOLLOWED : ( 1 ) WILFUL DEFAULTERS LISTS / NPA LISTS OF ALL TYPES OF LOANS TO BE RELEASED FOR PUBLIC INFORMATION BY PSBs, EVERY MONTH. ( 2 ) PSBs SUFFER A LOT DUE TO AGRI / CROP LOAN WAIVER & INTEREST SUBSIDY BY STATE GOVTS.  NO LOAN PRINCIPAL AMT. WAIVERs TO BE ALLOWED.  FOR INTEREST SUBSIDY TO FARMERS, UPTO DATE INTEREST AS ON THE DATE OF SETTLEMENT / PAYMENT IS TO BE RECOVERED-even if it is subsidised by Govt. ( 3 ) LIST OF EMPLOYEE NPAs / INEFFICIENT EMPLOYEES ALSO TO BE RELEASED EVERY QUARTER OR SO. ( 4 ) ALL ASSETS RECOVERED BY BANKS-for Non--payment of Loans ) TO BE AUCTIONED WITHIN 3 OR 6 MONTHS OF RECOVERY OF THAT ASSET. ( 5 ) IN MANY PSBs, MANY NEW & OLD CHAIRS, TABLES, COMPUTERS, PARTITIONS, etc. ARE LYING IDLE & IN DAMAGED CONDITION FOR A LONG TIME. THIS HAS TO BE SOLVED. ( 6 ) BIOMETRIC SYSTEM OF ATTENDANCE TO BE ADOPTED FOR EMPLOYEES & STRICTER EMPLOYEE MONITORING SHOULD BE DONE. Thanks, Shanmuganathan.B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE.
0 1 provide reasonable salary hike. without good salary you cant expect  good service from bank employee.Bank employees are going for indefinite strike in near future. salary revision is pending from 2012.
0 0 Core: Revisit core intent of bank, & review business, people & processes in context. Ownership - Review legal ownership structure to ensure independence in conducting daily business. Identify sick banks : based on relevant combination of parameters & initiate consolidation/merger as appropriate. Restructuring : Operational, technical & management level restructuring on a case basis to improve efficiency. Consulting : Provide expert help where necessary for improving existing/ new areas
1 0 Below are my observation about PSU banks:- 1)Place ATM smartly:No ATM inside SEZs in Bangalore where I and 1000s of employees are working e.g IBC Knowledge Park, Bannerghatta Road, Kalyani Magnum Infotech Park,JP Nagara. I find 3 Axis bank ATMs around my residential area but none of PSU.So ppl prefer to switch salaried account to either Citi or HDFC 2)I always find a Citi/HDFC bank PR available with all information at my disposal.
0 0 Need for inculcating work culture like Pvt Banks. however IDBI  like banks are in that direction. ATM may be locked after 10 PM and not to open them in remote corners. One ATM at some public place in a locality may be kept open at night for   emergency. Staff needs to be more professional  and cuortious
0 0 Due to lack of staff in banking sector, it is very difficult for the banks to provide services up to the expectation of customers. This problem is majorly due to non friendly environment within the organization becoz of which young talent have to think twice before deciding to be a part of such organization. Most of the PSUs banks failed to retain young talent due to bad working conditions and no regulated working hours.
1 0 Nonperformance, lacking positive attitude of existing staff in most public sector banks lead to the rise of private banks with which people are at risk. People are accepting this risk than considering to do business with such banks. Eliminating risk and improve performance of public sector banks can be achieved only via multiple steps:Change:Attitude,WorkCulture,Old/Past/Lengthy transaction procedures/processes & recruit EFFICIENT/WILLING to work staff,implement performance oriented procedures.
0 0 If really gov wants to improve PSU banks then meagre these PSU bank in one then there is no multiple npa a/cs no confusion in banking rules... And most important as gov introduced aadhar linking with bank account.... will become most effective......and also bring banking as banking service commission.
0 0 Use of Bio-Metrics increase Security in case of ATM Transactions,Or Bio metrics can eliminate ATM Card, if you want to take Money from ATM use your Fingerprints for Transaction no need of ATM Card and if someone from your family want to access your account they can use your ATM Card also. Use of Face Recognition over transaction above 50000 may add another security barrier to the Banking System.
0 0 1) Install more cheque and cash deposit machines. 2) ATM Machines should have an alarm(in case thieves try to steal the whole ATM. 3) Banking policies and rules should be easily explained for understanding by general public. 4) Friendly and well trained staff should be implied at the bank counters. 5) Help desks should be deployed at banks. There are help desks but no one sits and the tellers or employees of the bank are too busy to answer customer queries. saving schemes shd  b introduced
0 0 Simplify net banking procedures. When I add a payee, the payee has to be authorised by Branch Manager. The customer has to physically go the branch or send an email to branch manager. This would take lot of time. This authorisation by branch manager not required.
0 0 banking service will be better when it will become more easily gettable to people and most important thing is behavior of the  employee to the common people..they should show more politeness to the people..they should extend their helping hand to all section.but unfortunately very less percentage of workers do this and people hesitate to ask a question..besides all this monetary matter  r also involved.such as fixed deposit rate,loan rate etc..
0 0 Banks are doing well today, but consuming time to attend a customer is more.Employees should feel free while delivering service but it is not so. Offen they are preassurised for a work for which they are not interested. Every bank should have a list of NPA holders with name and address loan availed delay in making repayment, measures to recover it, because the common man is always targeted for excess using of debit cards, service charges and handling charges which are very meagure whencompareNPA
0 0 banking facilityand awerness should give to every customer.service r psu bank average should improve.atm transaction for free to every card holder. pancard detail must provide psu can made in villages.npa mazor role in psu. increase the fix deposite rate and discrease the saving or current a c rate.increase more fix income for bank.most of bank give loan under any pressure thats reason npa increas.
0 0 Deploy better machinery. Banks servers are not deployed keeping cushion for next 25 years and resultant slow down. Mostly bank employees are hobnobbing with major business houses and CAs deployed just take bribe and endorse stocks without their physical presence thus expose banks to risks of loans without physical stocks. Banks do not give loans on properties to facilitate businesses and seek present income details, an obstacle to new ventures. GOI should look into and set things in order.
0 0 Responsibility should be fixed for NPA and award for good work.
1 0 ATM network shall be made one for all banks with inter bank sharing. In no country we fins ATM of various banks are nearby. This will reduce banks operating cost substantially.
0 0 Sir, its era of technology. Banks have adopted internet and mobile banking but it has not reached to masses with result there is a queue at the bank branches. There is need for continuous effort to educate the account holder to use ATMs and mobile banking. I think some incentive may also be given for using mobile banking . Visit to bank should invite some minimum charge for those activities which are possible through ATM/Mobile. Lot of activities still manual. Need for automation SC Mishra
1 0 To improve Customer Service I suggest PSU banks should make Internet banking for educated customers in the age group of 25-55 mandatory and impose cost for using branch banking. This is how private banks are making money. All major transactions can be done at the ATM and other facilities including making /breaking FDs can be done on Internet banking.Only in a extreme scenario, the customer should enter a branch.This way after cutting the major footfall, PSU banks will need lesser commercial space and costs associated with rentals, electricity, computer infrastructure can be saved. A reward scheme can be started to encourage people to use ATMs /Net Banking and thus service only needy / senior citizens at branch level.
0 0 we all agree that public sector banks are performing well in given circumstances. Public sectors banks have mandate to provide services to remote areas or persons where private banks are not much interested. performance can be improved by giving choice of project, faster recovery of the loan defaulters, improving public connectivity, special training to employees to serve customers, actions to reduce customer visiting banks so needy customers will get proper attention, set KPA for each employees
0 0 performance be improved by revamping assessment method.  For working capital finance banks are finacing raw material/WIP/Finished goods and debtors with stipulation of margin. I suggest that bank should  not finance debtors because most of the business showing sickness under the garb that their debtors  became sticky and then go for CDR. This is one of the gateway for siphoning fund. Even if finance 100% except debtors, we can control stocks thru regular inspection.
1 1 All Bank staff should improve their Manners.
0 0 Sir very often,Banks reach a dead end while trying to locate run-away promoters of defaulting borrowers. Often it is found that the only their companies are sick and the promoters themselves live a life of luxury.The DRTs routinely ask Banks to locate assets of such promoters which is a difficult task for bankers. I suggest a task force be formed with powers of arrest and seizure post DRT orders  to be staffed by ex-IB and raw officers with mandate to recover lost monies  due to Banks. They shoudl be given incentives as a percentage of reoveries apart froom their pensions. I hope this can be formed into proper policy and faciltate the  work of the PSU banks which are suffering the most due to economic downturn.
0 1 1.A bank official will not be eligible for next promotion until and unless he/she completes his/her BM assignment. This should also be applicable for person going for CMD then he/she will understand the ground reality. Making policy by simply sitting in ACs and high sounding speeches will be useless until person making policy has seen the situation/pity conditions of rural area. there should be a very transperent sytem of rural/SU/U posting. I suggest lottery system to avoid nepotism/favourism
1 0 Public bank performance can be improved by putting courtesy officer in the bank. This officer should build repo with bank customers.
0 0 There is need for a multi-pronged strategy  starting with improvement from Human Resources to lending preferences-- 1. There should be fixed and variable pay for staff so that there should be yard stick for performer and non performer. As most of the official do not want to go in front line. 2. bank provides  crores of loan to corporate without security whereas it insists more than 100% security from small/new clients. 3. All the official compulsory do branch manager assignment in R/SU/U area
0 0 major bank has also sanction loan under pressure of political bosses and this is a big reason to increase NPA.
1 1 Salaries given to PSB employees are very less compared to their peers in the private banking space. Raise in salary will boost the spirit of current employees to work effectively and will bring in a pool of talented candidates too. Low salary also breeds bribery and hence loans are given to parties who are not eligible ethically but on the base of bribe. This has led to bad quality assets in the PSB books! If govt cant afford the give high salaries, privatize the banks to get quality in!!
0 0 real problem is to reduce NPA's and prior 2008 when most of Branches were audit by CA firms , NPA was that time is less than 2% but after cut off point of Audit of Branches of Advance above 20 Cr only  40% of total Branches of PSU Banks under Audit , this was increase NPA  because there is no checking of transaction and data also being managed by branch , this is serious issue , Audit is necessary of all branches other wise data being manage if properly reporting in my view NPA will increase.
0 0 I have written a write up on "how to build the future of the PSBs with effective leadership". If it interests you please send me a mail.
0 0 Bank interest on loan working cap or investment should not differ from China/USA/ Europe where inflation is just about 1 to 2%. Center to aim 1.5% inflation with 8% growth.Shift focus away from GDP growth to happiness index. Common not concerned with GDP statistics. Black money control should also be top priority. Private company using seeking public funds through share market,must be audited by CAG or Govt auditors also. Banks to ensure all companies plan for 10% real term growth for support.
0 0 OUT PUBLIC SECTOR BANK CAN WORK VERY WELL, DUE TO LACK OF MOTIVATION OF LEARNED BANK OFFICERS THEY ARE AVOIDING TAKING INITIATIVE. BASIC NEED TO CHANGE AUDITOR APPOINTMENT IN BANKS AT PRESENT CA WORKING IN DELHI AND MUMBAI GETTING APPOINTMENTS, SO TRANSPARENCY REQUIRED IN IT. NEXT RECOVERY MECHANISM SHOULD BE IMPROVED. OPEN FORUM SHOULD BE GIVEN TO BANK STAFF TO GIVE IDEA FOR CHANGES REQUIRED IN PRESENT WORKING OF PSB. DOCUMENTS MOVEMENT AND TIME LIMIT SHOULD BE FIXED FOR RO AND HO PERMISSION.
0 0 Give loans to developers to buy land. This will reduce the cost of borrowing for developers who otherwise borrow from private market at a very high rate. This in turn is passed on to the consumer. To keep sanctity of the real estate price, public sector banks should offer loans to buy land. This will encourage newer and talented generation to start from scratch and do wonders to the skyline of India and just help the already rich and powerful builders
0 0 OUR BANKS ARE WORLD CLASS INSTITUTIONS WITH BEST IN CLASS FRAMEWORK KEEPING PUBLIC INTEREST AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY IN CORE. WHAT IS LACKING IS SYSTEMIC TRANSPERENCY AND AUDIT INDEPENDENCE. BANK AUDITORS SHOULD BE INDEPENDENT AND APPOINTED BY AND REPORT TO RBI/CAG.
0 0 Hire internationally experienced risk managers who will be rewarded based on the robust processes that they put in place that will prevent fraud and ensure good governance.
0 0 1. If  internet banking account is locked, oneshould be visit base branch to get it unlocked. Request you to reduce branch dependency as much as possible. 2. Second is, if we got to SBI for any work, so many times we heard that the concerned person for that work is on leave and need to come again on the next day. Please remove these kind of dependency. There should be 2/3 backup for each person. If one person is on leave the remaining should have the ability to complete the task.
0 0 Put in place an online system where whistleblowers get upto 2 years salary as a reward (based on the amounts involved and proof presented) for giving proof of any wrongdoing conducted by branch staff.
0 0 1.there should be que system before every countef and no one should be allowed to jump the que.2. Emplyees behaviour should be very polite and anyone found misbehaving he should forfiet his entire salary of the day.3. Employee should not misguide any customer if found dealt with severly.4.Every employee should carry his nameplate and his mb no on his table.5. There should be receptionist in every branch who could be approached for guidance in bank.6. There should be one distt level ombudsman.
0 0 I feel that the charges for debit card usage beyond 3 or 5 times, as applicable, is unjust. The banks actually gain in many aspects, by providing the debit card option. They can reduce workforce (which means saving in salary and other perks) and even space as well as on furniture, electricity, etc., by restricting the customer from coming to bank in person. So, why should the banks charge the customer for a service which is actually profitable to them?
0 0 Have a performance incentive structure for Branch/unit managers that is based on post performance (performance of the branch/unit 3 years after they leave it). If the NPAs of the units increase after 3 years, then enter this into the record of the branch/unit managers and penalise them, otherwise reward them.
1 0 Finance Minister, the "owner" of PSU banks, should send out a one-line diktat: No loans to real estate developers must be renewed or rolled over. Guess what would happen? Knowing that there are loans to be repaid, developers would reduce prices to clear the unsold stock of 650,000 appts.Individuals would buy the homes they need. At prices they can afford.They would then furnish these homes and buy white goods like refrigerators- maybe new 2-wheeler.All this economic activity add over 2% to GDP
0 0 Objective of banking reforms must be to control inflation, promote manufacturing, innovation (risk taking), strengthen rupee against dollar. Dollar allotment for pure trading must be cut by 50% immediately. Confiscate & auction properties of NPA holders more than 5 lakhs. All manf. companies to focus to cut dollar import or export for dollar needs. Expatriation of dollar earnings must be through exports and not cash transfers. Post offices must act as extended remote rural banks to larger banks
0 0 Objective of banking reforms must be to control inflation, promote manufacturing, innovation (risk taking), strengthen rupee against dollar. Dollar allotment for pure trading must be cut by 50% immediately. Confiscate & auction properties of NPA holders more than 5 lakhs. All manf. companies to focus to cut dollar import or export for dollar needs. Expatriation of dollar earnings must be through exports and not cash transfers. Post offices must act as extended remote rural banks to larger banks
0 0 AUDIT OF PUBLIC MONEY IS SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY AS SUCH INVOLVE UTMOST SINCERITY AND PERSONAL ACCOUNTABILITY.AUDITOR HAS TO BE APPOINTED BY REGULATOR (RBI) WHERE PUBLIC MONEY IS IN QUESTION. INDIVIDUAL CAS TO BE APPOINTED BY AUTOMATED ALGORITHMS FOR THE PURPOSE TO ENSURE NO BIASNESS AND FIXATION OF RESPONSIBILITY. APPOINTMENT OF AUDITOR BY AUDITEE(BANK) IS AGAINST THE DOCTRINE ENSHRINED IN CONSTITUTION OF INDIA.THE ONLY WEAPON TO KILL CORRUPTION IS SYSTEMIC CHANGE(INDEPENDENCE OF AUDITOR SUPREME)
1 0 The cost of an banks transaction is highest when a person visits the branch, reduces when the same transaction is done through ATM and reduced further when net banking is used. However the banks are not promoting net banking instead charging users for net banking. Net banking will only ensure people do transactions online and also reduce the menace of paper currency moving into the system. On similar grounds a person paying by credit/debit card has at times to pay 1-2% extra as against cash.
0 0 CA profession is considered as supreme audit profession known for integrity, objectivity and independence.The learned profession CA with apex body ICAI produces best in class talent after professed study over the years.Brilliant brains nurtured by ICAI after burning midnight oils with an objective to serve largest democracy.Only independent audit can kill corruption in all spheres and lead India to progress.All banks whether public or private under RBI supervision be audited Branch wise.
0 0 A rating system (5 star) for feedback by customers and other entities dealing with banks, for each of the transaction. Give incentives to the best customer service banking institution.Yearly, give a Grading Certificate by authority (A-Excellent, B-Very good, C-Good, D-Average, E-Poor, F-Unacceptable). Make it mandatory for the instituitions to advertise/place the certification at prominent places in entrances/cabins/Advertisements. Can also be implemeted for all Govt offices as well.
0 0 For one of the cases in USA, the federal Govt found some fraud of transaction with HSBC this year and USA has banned that particular branch from operation and put on those found on fraud on trails and suspension from money transactions. May be we also need to look into such actions from out government.
0 0 Centralized processing is required for Public Banks,so that customer can finish most of the work in any of the branch in any city. For a Loan (atleast home loan) taken from SBI, Person has to go to two places depending on the work : one is SBI bank branch and another is RACPC office, not just initially, even for overall tenure of the loan. After reaching to bank branch, customer will come to know that he has to go to RACPC for this work,even for small things like giving check/ECS for revised EMI
0 0 The Number of staff offering services in PSB are less in comparision to the Private sector banks.As far as i know, SBI could target middle class people. If government can open new branches like SBI Yuva which is operational on Saturdays and Sundays, IT people would choose SBI Yuva as their salary accounts which could improve the performance of SBI. SBI bank offers some good Internet banking facilities where as other  banks like Corporation bank are not up to the mark(staff, online services).
0 0 AUDIT of KYC by Professionls(CA/CS/CMA) should be made mandatory.
0 0 Make a Regulatory authortiy for management of ATM's in India. Cash Tree Network shall be formed and all the banks should come under on roof for use of ATM, This will help in even distribution of ATM'S across the country and also reduce the cost. Rupay Card should be encouraged and made mandatory for all account holders of PSU Banks.
0 0 The Indian Banking system has very weak Control System Audit which is done by Internal and RBI. The Internal Auditors are Bank Employees cannot have 100% freedom to expose the Red/Grey Areas and RBI doesn't have Professional Commercial Bankers to audit banks. Therefore the NPAs declared in the BS are tip of iceberg. Unless we wouldn't have an independent Audit  Institution like CAG for Bank Audit it will be difficult to have a Real Audit Report of any bank.
0 0 All banks branches must be audited whether it is Public or private bank.Auditor should report to RBI and CAG.No Bank staff whether serving or retired be appointed as auditor.RBI autonomy for auditor appointment.Selection based on algorithmic random pattern.Audit integrity lies in the foundation of audit Independence.AUDIT OF PUBLIC MONEY IS SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY.Quality of reporting be addressed by RBI and CAG.Concurrent Audit/Statutory/Advances/Revenue Audits by Independent Audit Agency.
0 0 Limit the number of PSU banks. Give public an online platform to register their grievances with such banks, monitor it effectively and penalize those banks as well as the sick employees who do not deliver and doesn't respect customers. Set targets for market share, efficiency and customer service. Let customers vote through an online platform. Random checks for cleanliness as well as sick procedures in these banks must be abolished, like passbooks, visiting home branch for everything.
0 0 all the psb banks to be merged into 4 zones.under each zone branches will be working with inter connectivitiy. to open 1 urban branch the bank should open at least 2 rural branches. loan /advances to be bifurcated as consumer industrial business etc and will ful defaulters to be punished.knowledgable staff in dealing with the client necessary .time frame to be fixed to collect the npa and the authority sanctioned loan should be accountable to re-cover the money retail banking to be seperated
0 0 When RBI is able to control private banks and are adhering to the standards set, viz.a.viz, BASIC norms, why there should public sector banking exists?  Banks can function better if there is less control by the government.  Successive parliamentarians make good use of their offices to channelise funding through PSBs and now it is clear that most of those loans turn into NPAs whereas Pvt. Banksare doing good at improving NPA fight.  Bring down stake of the govt. and let professionals manage them.
0 0 Today bank's job are not attractive for the young people.Like Indian Armed Forces the different ability persons are joining with a motive for fast money. That was not the case in West Bengal in the past. I have visited 500 branches in 24 years and about 150 branches in average a year.. This are mostly in rural areas. The infrastructure was not up to the standard now this is changing and will change further but unless the staff are not motivated how the best service will be available.HR to devlop
0 0 The loans given to big corporate and those who have not paid. Who's money is that? What is the recovery mechanize and actions taken for all those who are involved. The overall opinion is PSB banks has govt support and government is mum on frauds happening at PSB. Speed recovery and no government interference. Make them accountable and autonomous. Financial frauds should be treated on par with criminal laws and laws should be modified accordingly.
0 0 AFTER SHARES SPLIT-UPs OF PSBs & AFTER GIVING AROUND 60 TO 120 BANK LICENCEs THROUGHOUT INDIA ( 1 or 2 NBFCs of all states ( like Muthoot Finance, Local based Finance Cos.) & Regional / National Licences  to bigger NBFCs ( like TATA Finance, Bajaj Finance, Sundaram Finance, etc. ) : ( 1 ) ALL GOVT. & PSU Cos.TRANSACTIONS / BUSINESS TO BE GIVEN TO PSBs / SBI ONLY. ( 2 ) NOW, PLS GIVE ALL PAY & OTHER BENEFITS, AS BANK EMPLOYEES DEMAND. BUT, NOT 5 DAY WEEK & WITHDRAW ALL CONCESSIONS, ( 3 ) ALL PSB EMPLOYEES TO BE GIVEN, PERFORMANCE / EFFICIENCY BASED INCENTIVES. THIS SHOULD BECOME LARGER CHUNK OF THEIR SALARY-not only to Business Oriented staff. ( Confidential / Random Staff Efficiency opinions to be collected from customers of PSBs ).  DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS, AGAINST UN-EFFICIENT / NON-PERFORMING STAFF TO BE TAKENEVERY MONTH. ( 4 ) ACTION ON ALL EFFICIENCY / PERFORMANCE PARAMETERS TO BE TAKEN IMMEDIATELY / DAILY / WEEKLY, etc. Thanks, Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843 COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 Sir,1.why do you not listen to their genuine demand for salary revision when they are the less paid and have more burden of work than govt employees.A satisfied worker is a biggest asset. 2. The mentality of the bank worker has not changed.They are still away from the public concern.A customer is more hurt by their behavior than delay in his work.Lets have this condition in their wage revision agreement that they will be courteous and polite to the customer 3.There is a need to curb unionism .
0 0 1. Coin dispenser : We generally see shortage of coins in the Indian market.  Every Bank should have coin dispenser to availability of coins easily. Life of currency notes is shorter. Whereas life of coins is longer and cheaper too.  I will post suggestion for performance improvement of public sector bank shortly.
0 0 1. The issue of corruption in lending loans has recently caught headlines which is not desirable. Steps can be taken to avoid this by bringing about transparency in operations. 2. Appointment of cmd of banks should be broad based and the pool of candidates should not be restricted to bureacrats and must include professionals. 3. Rising NPA is another issue which can be controlled by adequate information sharing among banks and stricter penalty for wilful defaulters.
0 0 The ATMs are the modern facilities for which we are thankful to technology and development. Still the banks want to make money from this  service. It would be appreciated if all Banks give it to customers as a support gesture.
0 0 Sir, today the PSBs are in direct competition with Private Sector . The Chairmen of Private Sector banks are highly professional and have long tenure ahead of them if they perform well, whereas in the public sector, we have short tenure. I suggest two things: 1; The tenure of the appointed CMDs should be at least 10 to 15 years and they should be young, about 45 years when appointed and 2. They should be acclaimed finance professionals; not just people who have become senior in their postings.
0 0 PM MODI JI, BIG CONCERN ABOUT PSBs IS NPA. CAN GOVERNMENT PUBLISH THE DEFAULTERS NAME IN  MEDIA SO  PUBLIC MAY KNOW WHO LOOTED THEIR MONEY. AT THE TIME OF ELECTION GOV. STARTS  LOAN WAIVER SCHEMES, SHOULD BE STOPED AS THIS MOTIVATE PUBLIC NOT TO PAY BACK THE LOANS TO BANK & SEND THE BIG DEFAULTERS BEHIND THE BARS. ACCOUNTS SHOULD BE OPENED ONLINE. BANK STAFF SHOULD BE PAID PROPERLY & NOT BE TRANSFERED IN THE NAME OF ROUTINE TRANSFER AS IT DISCOURAGE THEM  TO WORK.
0 0 Specially on the loan( Home) processing need a transparency for the customer to track through online where is the file and why it got struck.Currently if the facility introduced also not been used effectively by the bank side .Another suggestion to enable the scanned copies of documets loaded to reduce the paper work and miss placing documets.
0 0 1. CMD of PSBs for min 10 yrs (2 business cycles) with clear short, medium and long term vision. 2. Four tier reporting structure for faster decision making. 3. Consolidate banks to large fund projects solely (more minds more confusion) 4. Transferable bond based funding with central custodian of securities to monitor borrower with regular financial, legal and technical DD, will also act as whistle blower. 5. At par pay package with incentive for performance (no "mera kya" attitude).
0 0 The corruption in granting loans is issue of high importance . This is situation due to discretion given to  banks. The Loan system should be more subjective and more defined . Discretion should be minimized . Online loan application has been introduced but for getting it sanctioned people have to beg for. This is very pathetic. Like deposit bonds Multipurpose Loan Instruments should be launched up to Rs. 100 lac which one can buy after fulfilling defined conditions . It will help a lot .
0 0 BANK IS MY WEALTH TANK
0 0 TOLL FREE NUMBERS seems useless because it takes 12-15 mins of time to get customer care executive on call.and many times it's not being connected too. Regional office contact numbers usually shows wrong numbers when dialled especially for SBI.
0 0 PM MODI ji NAMASKAR - AS I SUGGESTED A NUMBER OF TIMES, PLEASE ARRANGE THE FOLLOWING : 1. SPLIT-UP THE FACE VALUE OF ALL PSB SHARES TO Rs.2/- IMMEDIATELY.  THESE SHARES WILL GET SCATTERRED. EVEN " AAM AADMI CAN AFFORD TO BUY ".THEN DIVEST GOVT. HOLDING TO BRING DOWN TO 52% OF GOVT. STAKE ( as Mr.Jayant Sinha recently told ).  MORE MONEY TO GOVT. & TO PUBLIC. 2. AGAIN SPLIT-UP, FACE-VALUE OF THESE PSBs TO Re.1/- AFTER ONE YEAR OF DIVESTMENT. NOW MORE MONEY / PROFIT TO " AAM AADMI "  &  MORE REVENUE TO GOVT. IN THE FORM OF SHARE TRANSACTION-TAX, CESS, etc. 3. PLS MERGE 4 TO 6 BANKS TO A SINGLE BANK. 4. THEN, THESE PSBs ARE ANSWERABLE TO 48% OF PUBLIC & TO CRORES OF " AAM AADMIs ". 5. PLS ISSUE AROUND 60 TO 120 BANK LICENCES ( espec-ially to local / State-wise NBFCs ). EACH STATE BASED 2 NBFCs TO BE GIVEN LICENCE.  ALSO, 2 REGIONAL / NATIONAL NBFCs TO BE GIVEN LICENCE. 6. THEN, THERE WILL BE COMPETITION & PSBs WILL WORK EFFICIENTLY ( just like BSNL, AIRTEL, VODAFONE, etc.). EVEN, THE FREQUENT STRIKES OF BANK EMPLOYEES' UNION CAN BE EFFICIENTLY HANDLED. Thanks, Shanmuganathan B / 98948-66843. COIMBATORE ( TN ).
0 0 State Level Bankers Committees instead of discussing data should  discuss the requirements of existing / upcoming infra structure projects and take on spot decision to  fund  them jointly. This will speed up deployment of funds . To avoid barriers in performance Regional/Zonal Offices should be abolished and all branches to report directly to Head Office . For coordination District level Officers and Loan Sanction Centers may be set up  which is in tune with Govt. administration system .
1 0 We find that in many of the branches of banks work with social schemes like Jan Dhan Yojana etc. has immensely increased. To over come this problem for smooth service to bank customers we suggest retired bank employees who are willing to take work as social service may be contacted and they may be paid only nominal honorarium to meet out travelling expenses etc. In this way their extra time would be used in nation building after retirement and would get satisfaction of social service.
0 0 first stop all political mp/mla interference.have proper quality and spped of mechanical intruments like computer primtersetc.stop union interference in transfers.real training and not show of 1 or2 day training in ac rooms.and remember that these banks are to do banking business first like other counterparts.non natinalised banks not taking pensione or any govt work and no rush in premises charges are also higher at their wish and public sector banks on the ground of public service do all.
0 0 Staff is not behaving genuinely to customers. Workouts should be made fast. SBI ATMs are usually out of service due to connectivity issues. Human resources should be made like that of in private sector Banks.
0 0 In my view, public sector banks like SBI have to improve their customer interaction and services. In comparison with Private banks like HDFC, i do not see fexi with SBI. Like customer interaction, quick&quality of service and flexibility to address the minimum needs of customer. Though customers do like public sector banks, in addressing the needs of customers there need a good improvement before they loose the face. PSB attitude only cares for government exchequers and does not value customers.
0 0 We urge to process all types of loans application online and centralized receiving of supporting documents for any sorts or amount of loan for any sector including PMRY, KCC, HOME, PERSONAL, MSME etc. As it is an open secret that bank authorities manipulate the guidelines to obtain illegal favour from consumers in form of hush money whereas they grant loans on the fake and ineligible person which becomes bad loan like NPA. In rural india there is very gloomy pics of PSB.
0 0 To ensure timely and full time presence of bank employees , digital attendance system be introduced immediately . Every bank employee in branch should act as single window operator as all  PSU banks are now on CBS platform . Every bank  should have District level  Customer welfare Officers deputed from other banks to redress their grievances.. Loan proposed if not disposed within RBI specified time frame , there should be provision of penalty to deposited in PM Welfare fund
0 0 Staff of PSU Banks is not working in the interest of Bank. Particularly for the loan, the performance of PSU Banks are very poor. When a class one Gazetted Officer is applied for loan then to give proper support. But the present policy is how to harass customer by demanding different documents. The present policy for the loan is like PSU Bank does not want to give the loan and divert the customer to Private Bank.
0 0 staff shortage leads to hampered customer service.apart from that npa also requires extra care and efforts.recovery demands lot of human efforts.mktg of products and services has become necessary to stay in markets so sufficient staff is must
0 0 PSU Banks need strengthening of Loan sanction system. The present committee system is non functional and mere eye wash .Loan proposal should be actually appraised and discussed in meetings and should not be left to the whims of bosses. The video recording of each meeting be made mandatory to ensure transparency. To bring banks close to people , there should be mandatory 15 years rural service of bank employees for settling them down in rural areas to perform.
3 0 Staff must be given periodic training to equip knowledge on banking. Pay scales are poor compared to IT sector though work load is more. Responsibility and accountability must be fixed for all staff irrespective of cadre.Loan sanction and disbursal must strictly be followed to a T.WRITING OFF LOANS AND INTEREST MUST BE STOPPED TO BRING PROFIT TO BANKS, GOVT. SHOULDN'T INTERFERE IN ADMN.SMALL AND WEAK BANKS MUST BE MERGED TO COMBATE WITH GLOBAL PLAYERS THOUGH UNIONS WILL FIGHT AGAINST MERGERS
1 0 The Banks should list Genuine clients based on past banking record, and give loans based on the new purchase Orders, not limiting to the sanctioned working capital limits.The MSMES are facing lot of financial problems due to this problem of non availability of funds when required.
2 0 Some public sector bank staff usually do not treat customers with courtesyTheir mindset needs to be changed immediately.In sanction of loans, safe deposit lockers ( without insisting on FD ) opening/maintenence etc
1 0 In one side, you are installing ATMs at various locations and during advertising you are encouraging public to use ATM. On the Other hand, you are trying to stop public to use ATMs by levying charges on use. The policy of government is not clear what government want from public. The public is confused whether to use ATMs or not as he can’t understand the purpose.
0 0 Common Processing Centre in each region to be set up with professionals to do the job and improve service. Branch set up shall be only sales and minimum service provider to cut costs.
1 1 While PSU executives always say of their lesser pay compared to Private. need to rework the arrangement for paying more cash than providing free accommodation at premiere location and other luxury facilities. Let PSU bring a culture of cash compensation and avoid freebies.
1 0 *NPA is big concern for PSU banks. even though positions created to handle NPA, what they need dynamism to deal with the problems and faster decision making process to settle these cases. Some template needed to bring transparency / speed in settlements.
0 0 Ease of providing home loans for housing and real estate must be carried out by public sectors in order to avoid deceptive interest rates by private sectors.
1 0 * The Top position i.e. Managing Director shall have minimum term of 5 years irrespective of his retirement age of 60 while retirement age is 70 in Private Sector. * All work on IT platform but very high employee ratio even though business per employee high. * Profit per employee very low. need consolidation of branches and efficient use of resource incl man power. * consolidation of banks also will add value as many branches in same location.
3 0 Respected Hon'ble PM, TO IMPROVE THE PERFORMANCE OF PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS THERE SHOULD BE SUFFICIENT STAFF IN EACH AND EVER PUBLIC SECTOR BANK. THE STAFF MUST BE WELL TRAINED,WELL EDUCATED AND WELL KNOWLEDGABLE.THERE SHOULD BE SATISFACTORY PAY SCALE FOR THE STAFF. THERE SHOULD BE WELL EQUIPED STAFF AMENITIES. ATLEAST ONE STAFF MEETING SHOULD BE THERE IN EVERY PUBLIC SECTOR BANK IN EVERY MONTH. IN THIS MEETING DISCUSSION ABOUT STAFF GRIEVENCES SHOULD BE THERE ALONG WITH DEVELOPMENT OF THE PROGRESS.
0 0 The biggest drawback for better economic activity is bank not ready to provide financial assistance to SME segment. It is known fact that NPA for SME is very small percentage with the rider that it can be recovered without much hinderance. Also our bank keep restructing the bad loans in hope to recover the earlier loans, but success rate is very low. Hope that bank starts lending to SME which can create rural jobs too
0 0 NPA figure of Private banks are not realistic due to fact that  Audit of these banks is being done by one firm of Statutory AUDITOR appointed by banks itself. Firm of auditor is certifying Advances on centralized basis without verify primary security of advances of most of branches. RBI should appoint statutory Auditors of private banks at least once so that primary security of most of branches could be verified and true figure of NPA could be known in the public interest
0 0 We need full transparency and accountability in Banks. I am facing a piquant situation where the Banks top management have covered up gross illegalities and have shielded the perpetrators. RBI has washed their hands off asking me to approach appropriate forums. I will do the needful but what about the inordinate delay the judiciary takes to adjudicate. The concerned bank Bank of India Ashram road branch Ahmedabad
0 0 If the top 400 NPa on public domain are analysed one finds large no of NPA where in the promoters contribution is fully encumbered. Why will a promoter be serious of turning around a unit where he does not have any stake. Banks are in a goose chase. Why did banks lend to cos where the promoters did not have any stake? why did banks permit dilution of stake in contravention of loan covenants. max disincentive for grant of an irregular loan is downgrade of two increments thus there is no disincen
0 0 Performance Audit should be compulsory for public sector banks every quarter. That report should be submitted to a highly qualified expertise team in the banking field specially recruted for this sole purpose by the PM. This will ensure the banks that they will have to improve their performance otherwise the PM is watching...
0 0 The prime cause of growing NPA is selection process of CMD / ED. 70 pts is there for ACR & 3o  pts for interview. EDs  / GMs grant irregular loans which turn  NPA at behest of CMD to get good ACR. 50 pts should be there for RBI Annual Financial Report where in quantifiable scores are granted & 20 pts for ACR This will reduce influence of CMD in getting irregular loans sanctioned through pliable EDs / GM It is evident that there is large scale quick mortality slippages to NPA when a CMD retires
0 0 Create 2 big global psb with global footprint. Such bank to provide world class services freed from social duties like psl and rural footprint. Small National banks can be used for rural and social purposes, so that big banks balancesheet is not eroded. Make arrangements to reduce bank footfall, so that lower need for branches and so reduce costs. PSB lead by people from diverse areas even private banks. Free global psb from slr and crr. To  check NPA use credit guarantee fund with diverse invst
1 0 Why don't you compare yourselves to private bank sector? you must get all the answers. Public bank are very bad at documents stuff. They have to understand customers  issues and try to solves them as soon as possible. SBI sent debit card after 2 months and pin has not been sent out yet. What the hell ate they doing? Guys be quick at work not like old. Modi ji says that we have youngsters which is great thing. Why don't you have any single young mate in public bank? Need youngsters who can change
0 0 http://www.hindustantimes.com/punjab/chandigarh/banker-kills-self-names-... The above link is an example of excess work pressure in PSU banks. Profits erode not because of loans sanctioned by employees at the branch, but by top level MDs and CMDs. What steps has SBI taken to recover Kingfisher?? huh?? Bribe case of SBI MD Shyamal Acharya??Has any PSU bank ever disclosed their real NPA figures??These fraudsters form IBA n not ready to pay a decent hike
0 0 Banking services in a public sector bank are not satisfactory A rating system should be established in such banks on whose basis salary and incentives should be alloted to the working staff of the bank A feedback form or something like this shuld be there for customers so that they can mark the staff members according to their working and responsiveness
0 0 sir why cant you use or take loan from the DEAD AMOUNT WHICH IS IN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANYS AND BANKS THOSE AMOUNT IS NOT HAVING ANY RELATED PERSONS WHY CANT YOU USE IT FOR DEVELOPMENT I CAME TO KNOW THAT ITS ABOUT 65000 CRORES PLEASE DO USE OF IT
0 0 public sector bnk devolop karna hai to mera manna hai ki pehle uske employee ko modern&sharp banane parega..there should be a system of employee rating as their performance....  har shopping mall k tarah or private bank ke tarah bank main bhi kuch log customer ko convenes karne k liye rakhna 4ayihai... or unko performence k besis pe incentive or comison milna 4ahi hai jisse unki utsah mile or o oor totpor hoo customers ko conveince karne k liye..& unko surveillance k liye ek officer rkhna 4aiye
0 0 Banking or financial sector is considered to be a back bone of every economy even for a small business entrepreneur but In India the banking system is not catching the pace reason is lack of knowledge at front level and rigid attitude at senior level, I have seen to prove their word right some official harm the banking system & procedure so It is suggested that proper training at all level should be imparted secondly credit process for small unit be need based not related with vested interest.
0 0 1. Make essential details of documentation required for any loans, interest rates, all charges applicable, min & max timelines, key contact persons etc easily available. 2. Train all staff members to be polite to every customer. 3. Mechanism to report rude behaviour. 4. Many who work on all 6 weekdays cannot visit bank for various works. If banks are open on Sundays, it will help. 5. Reduce the documentation burden for loans. 6. Appoint staff who can speak local language of branch
0 0 Increase accesible hours 9am to 9pm. 7 day week.Have 8 hour shift duties-5 day week for staff. Holidays in line with private sector. Pick up and drop of at stations. Will create jobs.
0 0 1. Eliminate bad loans 2. Bring in dynamism 3. Front end staffing should be less than 40Yrs old, as the age get in enthusiasm declines due to many reasons
0 0 make all the banking process are keep running fast and more secure and more quickly.the atm machines and other bank services are very slow and this cause the public is very interpreted   to going through bank process and firs establish of green banking and online banking sector in over the India and  all the sector.make the banking easy for the common man,make the banking facilities easy to use and access for every one
0 0 We have to develop Corporate Culture in the Bank. Presently, the CMD/ED are selected with political consideration who in turn use these Banks for their personal gains. It is desired that the selection of ED & CMD be made on transparent, professional manner. Further, to get rid of huge NPA and hidden NPA Banks should be advised to declare their true NPA without hidding them on 31.12.2014 and if any wrong reporting is find after they will be held responsible. I want to give PPT on the subject.
0 0 Bank should work like a mobile company. they are covering major arias of the country through their agents. bank can also issue that type of rechargeable cards so that any people can do bank transactions any ware.
0 0 to start with). But this rule is completely aimed at closing the small exchanges to put all the stock exchanges in the same platform. NSE having more than 200000 crore daily turnover cant be judged at the same pitch with CSE having daily turnover of around 60 crore. But to comply SEBI circular all Exchanges must have clearing corporation with same net worth requirement of Rs.300 crore. ·	CSE has done an average turnover of Rs.7000 crore per year for last 5 years continuously, which is well abov
0 0 They should have a seprate bench to help the senior citizens because most of them have migrated to private bank for the good service they provide.
0 0 and other CSR activities, which is a commendable achievement for any exchange. We believe that these awareness programme can prevent illiterate people to invest in, ‘Pongi Scheme’. ·	We are being forced to close down only because of some whimsical regulatory guidelines; not for any of our mistakes or wrongdoing or inability to run the Exchange. ·	In 2012 SEBI came out with a guideline to set up a separate Clearing House which requires Rs.300 crores networth (Rs.100 crores to start with). But
0 0 ·	In 2007 Govt. of India had introduced the Unique Section 13 arrangements through SCRA for the small & demutualised stock exchanges for providing low cost trading facilities for investors as well as small brokers who cannot afford to take direct membership of BSE or NSE by spending nearly Rs.40-70 lacs. (CSE provides membership of NSE, BSE & CSE for just Rs.4-10 lacs only depending upon requirement). ·	CSE spends more than 10% its revenue consistently in Investor awareness programmes and other
0 0 Big stock Exchanges doesn’t have that rural penetration which CSE occupies, through its small time & individual relationship approach. ·	There are nearly 2500 companies listed out of which 1400 companies, are exclusively listed in CSE. These companies cannot go to NSE/BSE due to their small-scale nature and for unavailability of localised service rendering by those so-called national / designated exchanges. Shareholders of those companies does not have any exit route except CSE trading platform
0 0 We would like to draw your attention towards some important facts why there is a need of CSE in the financial environment in India: ·	CSE is a 106 years old, Permanently Recognised by the Govt. of India and profit making Stock Exchange having its own Computerised Trading Platform ( which all other regional stock exchanges do not have). ·	For last two decades CSE is providing the lowest cost trading facilities to the investors predominantly in the Eastern part of India.
0 0 (1) Reducing unionisation (2) Training (3) Flexibility in HR policies, practices etc. - Hire and fire, recruitment, promotion, compensation, transfer (4) Use of technology (5) Benchmark against Foreign/Pvt. banks
0 0 Hon’ble Prime minister of India Respected Sir, Sub:	Submission for revival of / to prevent the closure of The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd., a profit making, Dividend paying autonomous, professionally managed, hundred year old & India’s third largest stock Exchange. We would like to draw your kind attention towards the above cited subject and humbly request your immediate intervention to stop the process to close down The Calcutta Stock Exchange Ltd. by SEBI through its concerted efforts
0 1 this is inform reliance communication about the carelessness of d supervisors or superiors ,this is Priyankar balai from mumbai my request no is 222092710,my mobile number is 9321898640 This complaint has been registered with reliance communication on 30th april n after that my repeated calls to reliance communication almost everyday about the network issue at my residence(as mentioned below my name) but reliance communication is so irresponsible that it didnt even cared to reply revert
0 0 Management should impart training to Trade Union Leaders not to interfere in transfer  postings - when there is no BIASNESS of MANAGEMENT"s side.
0 0 Willful defaulters should not be given any protection. Loan waiver schemes discourage good borrowers to repay regularly and they tend to become defaulters in future.
0 0 The banks private or public should work for repayment of amount for unclaimed and non transacted old accounts as they work for recovery of loan. This will increase the credibility of banks and more and accounts will be opened with huge money deposit
0 0 PSBs branches symbolising financial institutions should be the best buildings of the area. They should be very spacious with good facilities for customers. Customers should not resent coming to a PSB branch.
0 0 1st and foremost, making the staff members accountable to the public and not their seniors is the need of the hour. The work pressure under which staff members operate is tremendous. They have to be given a little credit in the form of monetary perks for facilitating so many transactions effortlessly everyday. Secondly, the government should spend heavily in upgrading the IT infrastructure in banks. Cash deposits and passbook updates unnecessarily use up manpower. Machines can do this job.
0 0 Only way to improve performance of government undertaking is 1) Set Targets & Commitment from all employee 2) Declare incentive/ bonus variable linked with Profit/ performance of Bank like  IT companies 3) Law & Action against corrupted person 4) Promotion/ new recruitment must be based on qualification / performance not on reservation or first join first pramote basis.      5) Outsource of some work to private companies to save cost.
1 0 THERE SHOULD BE '' NAME PLATE"" FOR EVERY BANK EMPLOYEES. IT WILL SOLVE MANY PROBLEMS. THERE IS MANY CASES OF MISTREATING CUSTOMER BY BANK EMPLOYEES.
0 0 Merger of PSBs will make more staff available to handle customers at branch level. Uninterupted power supply to branches will stop irritating noise pollution by power generators, a major cause for poor handling of customers by bank staff.
1 0 Introduce server monitoring cell , Crowd monitoring and disability monitoring cell ,Staff and Ex staff Welfare ( Cultural Cell ) ,At Regular intervals  visit to Eye care doctors by hospital vehicle for health care  , S M A R T  Employees , to have  Three way Samvad ( communication ) Govt ,Bank , employees .village targets?+points ?,Frame Transfer policy Rules in addition to guidelines. National Wage Policy for Bankers for Public and private sector banks without anomalies ,inter national standard
0 0 For improving performance of Public sector Bank 1. Remove Not fruitful laws because of fear of  these laws Banks employees not want to work. 2. Easy the Banking System & Laws like Taking a loan, Opening a Account  working with Banks
0 0 Another thing which PSB banks are deficient in are the fact the acceptance and promotion of technology is very slow. All office bearers and staff of PSB must be forced to use the technology during beta testing or pre launch periods. Once majority of the staff is comfortable the technical products(internal or external) need to be launched. This will help the staff in getting confidence of the system thereby helping them in troubleshooting & understanding logically what happens in the application.
0 1 1. All public sector bank branches should be the best buildings of the area. They should be spacious with good facilities for customers. All PSU banks should be directed to have their own buildings at all branches. 2. Willful defaulters should not be given any protection. Default chokes money cycle. Loan waiver schemes discourage good borrowers to repay regularly. They tend to join the group of defaulters. 3. Merger of PSU banks should be considered. More suggestions later. 3. 2.
0 0 Its high time people removed the chalta hain attitude of PSB banks. It would be good if you could enforce SLA's and escalation matrix for each and every transaction. Also The PSB boards must be given freedom to innovate and bring in new technology and products . This is something which is deficient in comparision with Private Sector Banks. PSB have an advantage of winning people's confidence easily. This must be used for their benefit to improve quality of service.
1 0 PSBshould be given strict orders by govt and RBIthat they sould restrict lending to realestate to 70 to.80% of regd value and not mkt value. Similarly loan against share sould be restricted to 80% book value. Promoter liability should be made unlimited if they have management control. RBI or IT dept should maintain register for recording the bank accounts opened by individuals,companies,etc so that borrowings and status of the account bacomes transpsrent.This could be based on PAN
0 0 reduce the rate of interest on education loan.
0 0 A poor Dobi sold their house and diposited the amount in SBH who insisted PAN.Then they withdrawn money and deposited with Agri gold,a private agency.Please think of alternative to PAN for poor people of BPO.
0 0 HOME LOANS' SELDOM BENEFIT THE POOR EMPLOYED IN UNORGANISED SECTOR SHIFTING JOBS FROM ONE TO ANOTHER AND HAVING SMALL PLOTS (25 SQ MTRS) BUT NOT HAVING REGD. SALE DEED. THEY LIVE IN RENTED HOUSE PAYING RENT MORE THAN MONTHLY INSTALMENTS THEY WOULD PAY IF SANCTIONED LOAN BY BANKS. ALLOWING LOANS ON POA AFTER PROPER VERIFICATIOS & FREQUENT INSPECTIONS ON SITE SHALL BENEFIT BOTH THE BANK & THE BORROWER. REGISTERING BANK'S CHARGE WITH WATER/ELECTRICITY/PROPERTY TAX/LAND RECORDS/ WILL SAVE FRAUDS.
0 0 PSU BANKS SPEND HUGE AMOUNT ON NEW YEAR GIFTS. CRITERIA MUST  BE FIXED FOR DISTRIBUTION e.g.FOR BANKS ; PARTICULAR DEPOSIT LIMIT / REMUNERATIVE QUALITY LOAN ACCOUNT & SMS BE SENT TO COLLECT. EMPLOYEES MUST GET ONE EACH & COST PRICE BE RECOVERED FOR MORE.GIFTS MUST REACH THE TARGET GROUP TRANSPARENTLY. GIFTS MUST HAVE RELEVENCE PROMPTING BUSINESS & GOVT.IDEOLOGY /CREATING AWARENESS.EFFICIENT SPENDING IS NEEDED SO AVOID LAVISH PARTIES. RATHER SPEND THIS AMOUNT ON PRIORITY PROJECTS FOR DEPRIVED.
0 0 LOT OF EXPENSES (PAPER & MONEY)CAN BE SAVED BY REVIEWING MATERIAL PRINTED BY PSUs. e.g. PAY IN SLIP FOR DEPOSITING CHEQUE CAN BE DISPENSED WITH BY SIMPLY WRITING A/C NO. ON THE BACK OF THE CHEQUE & MOBILE NO. OF DEPOSITOR. SOME BANKS (e.g.SBI)HAVE DOUBLE SIDED PRINTING WHICH IS TEDIOUS & EXPENSIVE.INVESTIGATIONS WILL REVEAL THAT 99% OF DEPOSITORS FILL ONE SLIP FOR ONE CHEQUE AS CHEQUES BELONGING TO DIFFERENT BANKS IN SINGLE DEPOSIT SLIPS BECOMES INCONVENIENT FOR BANK TO PROCESS.ONE SIDE ENOUGH.
0 0 GOVT.AID DIRECT TO NEEDY IS MUCH BETTER THAN SOME LOANS UNDER GOVT. SCHEMES WHICH ARE TO BE WAIVED LATER. WAIVEMENTS  PROMPT MANY TO BE WILLFUL DEFAULTERS & BREED CORRUPTION AS SOME %AGE OF LOAN IS PAID AS BRIBE ON THE BELIEF OF GETTING MONEY NEVER TO BE RETURNED.जितना मिला वो ही सही : खैरात ही तो है !अच्छा खासा ईमानदार भी बेईमान हो जाता है :   MORAL IS ERODED & HUMAN VALUES GO DOWN. HELPING NEEDY IS DIFFERENT FROM MAKING HIM DEBTOR.FUTILE EFFORTS TO RECOVER WASTE HUMAN LABOUR,TIME & MONEY.
0 1 FOR GOVT BANK NPA, PLEASE FIX RESPONSIBILITY FOR RECOVERY OF BAD LOAN OFFICERS ARE RESPONSIBLE WHO IS PASSED LOAN , EVEN AFTER RETIREMENT
1 0 increase branch like private sector bank and hire employee like private bank. in govt. bank employee felling like sarkari damad koi kuch nahi kar sakta hai
